We partnered with @periodmovement to address period poverty because womens needs are human needs. Link in bio. #freetheperiod
New hires. Amanda and Nancy.
Huge Womxn. Illustration by @mickchampay, logo by @encriers, and animation by @hyeminion
Heres to making the cut. Rachel. Sarah. #5years
Lets talk. See our careers page and get in touch. Link in bio.
Go get those sweet Likes. #MagentaTalks  Photo cred. @gpa6.9
Hug(e). 006.
Black History Movement 2020  H by @jacq_alexis
Read Magenta's best 2019 articles on design, technology, and creativity. Link in bio.
Happy holidays from Huge.
R.I.P. Halloween.
Huge and Google, in close partnership, evolved the Android brand to make it more modern, globally inclusive, and accessible. Check out the link in our bio for the full story. 
For the last three years, Huge has partnered with @stokedorg to help bridge the opportunity gap by educating students on design thinking. At the end of each school year, one lucky team is awarded an internship week at Huge to build out their idea. This years winner from Hudson High School created SAUCE, a classroom game that combines trivia and hot sauce to increase understanding and empathy across generations to build a more conducive learning environment. 
Just in: Ink. 004 
Louder & prouder.
Un tote s'il vous plat. #HugeatCannes #CannesLions19
Cheers. 
Bring Your Kid To Work Day 2019.  Photos by @jacobgavin
Our Earth, our future.  Photos by @brinsonmcgowan  Animation by @indiemike
Introducing Hooha: The World's First Smart Tampon Dispenser. For more info tap the link in our bio or visit hooha.is/here/
In honor of Women's History Month, our Women's Affinity Group hosted a panel featuring female leaders at Huge. Afterward, we celebrated President Holly Masons five-year anniversary. 
For the fifth year, were taking over The Midnight Cowboy on 6th. Link in bio to RSVP. #HugeatSXSW
Black History. Period.
We partnered with Zoo as Zoo to activate the world's first glow-in-the-dark ramen pop-up. Swipe to check out highlights from our blacklight AR-enabled zine containing the menu, credits and program for the experience. Link in bio for full story on how we did it. 
March.
Be Merry. 
It's here: The 2018 Magenta Gift Guide. Check the link in our bio for this year's top picks curated by Huge. 
All Huge U.S. offices will be closed the morning of 11.06.18
Cheers, witches. 
Lets get spky. H by @robbiecobb.
Oakland, weve moved. Drop by and say hello. : @genkihagata
Ink. 003, out now at a Huge office near you. Check our profile story highlights for more. 
Say hello to Bam Bam, one of our favorite guests from our first-ever global Week of Magic. 
Intern vibes. 
Anna x John. Cheers to 5.
Ltd. 2018
Waves. : @mr_preciatedatfolk
Huge + Amazon + Global Citizen = Change. Follow the link in our bio to join us in Cannes for a live Change for Good Hackathon, 19-20 June.
Honored.  Cheers to our amazing people, who helped us receive the "Best Agency to Work For" recognition from @Creativepool_.
Ready for the next 5.
Press check and all set for SXSW. Ltd editions for friends/family headed to Austin. Find us at austin.hugeinc.com. @lvcey @mr_preciatedatfolk  @lamonenigma
Scarf run.   @brinsonmcgowan
Thanks to @jessieandkatey for their work in our DC office this week.
Today on Magenta.as: Futura in Space.  Art by @pabloconnor
Ink. 002. Out now at a Huge near you. Special thanks @mydailyrubbish @onelargehead Tim Sullivan @kevinmagiclam & more than two dozen contributors.
And were done. See you in 2018.  @mr_preciatedatfolk, @seahorse_seehell  @onelargehead @marquiaw
 hugeinc.com 
Newest digs  Chicago H by @brinsonmcgowan.
Haunted.
Happy 1st birthday, Magenta Celebrating one year of writing about design, tech, and people (and art by @premiumh2o @davideverly @pabloconnor @pilartorcal @silviaherrera @kastenkrause @annarising) 
Facebook has announced changes to how it handles and communicates violations of its policies around the publishing of fake news and misinformation, with the goal of preventing publishers that operate large networks of pages and groups from skirting bans. . Starting today, Facebook says it will reserve the right to take down existing pages and groups that are simply affiliated with those that have violated the companys community standards, even if those pages or groups havent technically broken any rules. . Facebook says this is specifically to prevent users from using an adjacent or other existing page or group as a replacement once another has been flagged and taken down. Prior to this change, the page or group must have been made after the initial removal to be potentially affected simply for affiliation reasons. Now, Facebook says it can use this policy to pull down an affiliated page or group even if it was made before the takedown. . While it appears the change is focused on preventing people from continuing to peddle fake or purposefully inflammatory content, it also applies to violations of Facebooks rules on spam and clickbait, copyright-infringing material, hate speech, graphic violence, harassment and bullying, and nudity. . Not all inaccurate or inflammatory content counts as a violation, but the company now points to its extensive community standards page to help clarify how it makes these distinctions. . Source: TheVerge
Google Hangouts is getting shut down, and would be replaced by a much nicer-looking Hangouts Chat and Hangouts Meet. The switch to the new platform is set to take place this October, retiring the classic Hangouts app for the new apps. However the death of classic Hangouts wouldnt come until 2020
The glow-up challenge, as many dubbed it, revealed how so much fun Facebook used to be. The challenge asks people to post a photo of one of their throwbacks from as far back as 10 years, and share alongside their most current one. It was quite endearing and fun, especially for those between ages 24 and 29, springing forth interestingly adorable universal awkwardness. . One of the participants said, Digging through my Facebook photos was like diving into a treasure trove of happy memories I wouldnt dream of posting today. . There was no thinking beyond, many from around the world joined in the fun, with the whole internet buzzing with the hashtags #GlowUpChallenge and #10YearsChallenge, bringing back nostalgic memories and comic relief seeing updates from friends. . What are your thoughts on the viral challenge? Were you able to participate?
The picture of an egg has surpassed Kylie Jenners birth announcement photo, as the new record holder for the most-liked photo ever on Instagram. The photo which was originally posted on the January 4, by @World_record_egg, seems to have cracked the viral formula, amassing over 25 million likes win a few days. . In response to the short video, Kylie Jenner shared a short video of her cracking an egg on the ground, with caption Take that little egg.
Google is rolling out its first monthly update in 2019 for its flagship Android devices. The only listed change is a bug fix addressing an audio quality issue on both models of the Pixel 3 thatoccurs while recording video, as reported by users on Reddit. . Meanwhile, the Pixel 2 / 2 XL, Pixel / XL, and Pixel C are also receiving January updates to patch security vulnerabilities and generally just keep up shop. I received the update late last night on a Pixel 3XL unit that was having some stability issues, applied the update, and was greeted by a smoother experience, complete with the audio quality fixes. . Notably exempt from this months update are Googles older Nexus 5X and 6P phones,which have reached the end of Googles three-year commitmentto provide device security updates. . As for availability, the free January update is rolling out to Pixel users throughout today.
Google is rolling out its first monthly update in 2019 for its flagship Android devices. The only listed change is a bug fix addressing an audio quality issue on both models of the Pixel 3 thatoccurs while recording video, as reported by users on Reddit. . Meanwhile, the Pixel 2 / 2 XL, Pixel / XL, and Pixel C are also receiving January updates to patch security vulnerabilities and generally just keep up shop. I received the update late last night on a Pixel 3XL unit that was having some stability issues, applied the update, and was greeted by a smoother experience, complete with the audio quality fixes. . Notably exempt from this months update are Googles older Nexus 5X and 6P phones,which have reached the end of Googles three-year commitmentto provide device security updates. . As for availability, the free January update is rolling out to Pixel users throughout today
Samsung at CES 2019 announced the Notebook Odyssey, the most powerful Samsung gaming laptop yet and the biggest sign that the company is starting to take PC gaming more seriously. . Its not that Samsung hasnt been making gaming laptops already the companys Odyssey linehas been around for a while  but the new Notebook Odyssey takes that foundation and goes further. It has the kinds of specifications that should (at least on paper) let it compete with more established gaming companies like Asus, Dell, or even Razer. . Spec-wise, Samsung is bumping things up to Nvidias newly announced, top-of-the-line RTX 2080 GPU, along with an 8th Gen hexacore Intel Core i7 processor (Samsung isnt saying which one yet, although its probably the i7-8850H) and 16GB of RAM. The display is a 1080p, 15.6-inch screen with a 144Hz refresh rate. Storage is a 256GB NVMe SSD and a 1TB HDD, although those will be user-replaceable should you need more space. Theres also a USB-C port this time, in addition to three USB-A ports and an HDMI jack.
The number of photos and videos you can store in a private Google Photos Live Album has increased from 10,000 to 20,000, reportsAndroid Police, bringing the limit for private albums into line with the capacity for shared albums. The change was officially announced via an update made to aGoogle support page. . . . . . #socialglims #google #photos #googlephotos #cloud #storage #livealbum #social #youtube #instagram #snapchat #stories #socialmedia #analytics #audience  #mobile  #creator #youtubeads #googledrive #playstore
Five years after Facebook Messenger took a cue from WhatsApp to launch voice messaging,Instagram has rolled out its own voice messaging feature globally on Instagram Direct today. . Users can hold down the microphone button to record a short voice message that appears in the chat as an audio wave form that recipients can then listen to at their leisure. . Voice messages are up to one-minute long, stay permanently listenable rather than disappearing and work in one-on-one and group chats on iOS and Android. The feature offers an off-camera asynchronous alternative to thevideo calling feature Instagram releasedin June. . Share your thoughts on this new feature below 
YouTube is expanding its Instagram-like Stories capability to more creators today, giving those with more than 10,000 subscribers the chance to use the tool.  There are some major differences between Instagram Stories and YouTubes iteration of the feature. YouTube Stories last for seven days on the mobile app, they will appear for both subscribers and non-subscribers, and theyll show up in YouTubes Up Next sidebar beside a video. Creators who use the tool will be able to respond to fans who interact with their stories, and creator responses will be seen by anyone who comes across the story. Fans can leave comments or questions on stories, and creators can publicly address each response.
For the most part, these are all features that other smartwatches share. What the Fossil Sport has going for it is that its one of the first Wear OS smartwatches to debut with Qualcomms new wearable chip, which is supposed to offer better battery life.And, as we know all too well, Googles Wear OS and its hardware partners suffered from low-power, outdated chipsets. . Fossil will start selling the Sport Smartwatch for $255 today online and directly at Fossil retail locations. . . Source: TheVerge
The Pinterest friend feature was firstlaunched back in March. The friends feature is a dedicated section of the service where you could follow posts from other users. Now, this feed is getting a redesign, removing the tiled images in favor of a simpler single column of posts, Instagram-style. There are even horizontal rows of Pinterest-recommended accounts that you can follow. . Aside from the change in layout, the chronological feed still works more or less the same way as it did before. You can tap on a red Save button below an image to save it to a board, or tap on the image directly to be linked out to a piece of content
Facebook Inc will finally release its two Video Chat devices  the Portal and the Portal Plus today and theyll be sold on platforms like Best Buy and Amazon. Since the devices are exclusive video chatting tools, their scope of abilities is quite limited. . Although the devices can play music, display photos and access some video platforms, its features are extremely small  they cant even access Facebook or surf the net. They can, however chat over the Facebook Messenger. . Since they are exclusive Facebook Video calling devices, they have inbuilt camera tricks to make video calls easier. Both the Portal and Portal Plus have single, fixed cameras on top of them. These cameras have the ability to zoom and follow you around, making it possibly for users to move around while engaging in a video call. . Source: @TechGistAfrica
On Thursday, it looked as though Google was starting to roll out a redesigned version of its vital Android Messages app. The update featured some visual changes like getting rid of the blue bar at the top and switching over to the companys Google Sans font. It also included a dark mode as an alternative to the default, so-much-white look. . But late last night, as Reddit users were quick to notice, Google reverted to the old Android Messages design  even for those who had already installed the most recent update. If you had the new Messages yesterday, open it up today and youll see that its gone. Yes, Google has the server-side ability to change the look of Messages on a dime. . Some users had complained about losing the option to assign custom colors to chat bubbles for their different contacts, but its rather unlikely that Google would reverse course over that bit of feedback alone. Perhaps dark mode was causing some issues, or there was another bug the company discovered, or the revamped Messages started appearing before Google actually intended. . Oh well. It looked good. Hopefully it returns soon. . . Source: The Verge Photo Credit: The Verge
Facebook has secured the rights to broadcast UEFA matches in much of Latin America, the association said yesterday. This can give Latin American soccer fans the chance to tune into their favorite sport without the need to pay to watch on their local TV station. . The contract includes a free live stream of both the organizations Champions League and Super Cup matches, adding up to 32 matches per season. A ton of Latin Americas top players take part in these leagues every year, making this partnership a big deal for many soccer fans. . ITS THE LATEST IN FACEBOOKS ATTEMPT TO TACKLE THE LIVE SPORTS STREAMING MARKET Its the latest in Facebooks attempt to tackle the live sports streaming market, including its move in January to hire Peter Hutton, then the CEO of the TV network Eurosport. Facebooks tapped similar deals for other sports in the past  its scored deals with other large sports orgs, like the NBA. But its still unclear if deals like these give the platform an edge over other social networks like Twitter, which secured its own MLB deal earlier this year, or streaming services like YouTube. . Facebooks EUFA contract will run from 2018 to 2021, and is limited to Spanish-speaking countries. . Source: The Verge. . : techviral.net
People managing Facebook pages with large American followings will now need to take extra steps to verify their identity, according to an announcement made by the company today. . Now, if these managers want to continue to post on their pages, theyll need to complete an authorization process that includes enabling two-factor authentication and confirming what country theyre based in. . If a page manager needs to authorize their account, theyll get a notice at the top of their newsfeed later this month, Facebook says. They wont be able to post on their page until they completely this process. This information will be added into a forthcoming site section called People Who Manage This Page, which will list which countries these pages are being managing from. . While this will initially appear on pages with a large US audience, it appears that Facebook will eventually be rolling out this feature across all pages. . "Facebooks rolling out these changes as it grapples with its role in the media" . Source - The Verge
Google is warning Android users that it doesnt carry Fortnite Battle Royale in the Play Store. If you search for Fortnite in the Play Store, it will return a notice from Google. Fortnite Battle Royal by Epic Games, Inc is not available on Google Play, the sign says, likely as a clarification to users, as first spotted by 9to5Google. . By saying upfront that the Play Store doesnt have Fortnite, Google is attempting to protect unknowing users who might download some malicious clone of the app. . Epic Games requires users who want to run Fortnite on Android to download an APK of the beta directly from its site. The decision essentially cuts Google out of potential revenue from app purchases, which would have been a 30 percent cut. . Android settings also usually dissuade users from downloading apps from unknown sources, likely as another safety mechanism and a way to maintain the importance of the Play Store as the main source for apps. . . Source: The Verge
Spotify is testing a new feature in Australia thatll let non-paying users skip ads (both audio and video) as many times as they like. The company tells AdAge that the idea is that users will likely only skip ads they dont care about, so what they do consume will give Spotify feedback on how to better target them. A company executive compared it to Discover Weekly, but for ads. Advertisers wont have to pay for skipped ads. . I sort of understand this, but I dont know how much better it will make ads. People are lazy and dont want to have to navigate back to the app just to skip an ad. Spotify says its only testing the feature for now, but the goal is to launch it globally. . As someone who pays for Spotify, this makes me feel a little dumb! I only pay so that I never have to hear ads (and for offline downloads), but skippable ads seem easier to tolerate. It takes a bit of work to avoid them, but it might be worth the effort just to save some cash. . . Source: The Verge
Everyone seems to look perfect on Snapchat. That's thanks to a vast array of filters and editing options that can change our real-life appearance in an instant. . But obsessively tinkering with how we look on social media can have damaging effects. Doctors have coined a new term, "Snapchat dysmorphia," to describe the psychology of patients who seek cosmetic surgery procedures to look more like the filtered versions of themselves. . While no one is asking for surgically attached Pokemon Pikachu ears, patients are requesting fuller lips, bigger eyes and thinner noses to look more like the altered versions of themselves that appear on apps like Snapchat and Facetune, according to a new article published in JAMA Facial Plastic Surgery. . "This is an alarming trend because those filtered selfies often present an unattainable look and are blurring the line of reality and fantasy for these patients," say the piece written by doctors from Boston University School of Medicine's Department of Dermatology. . Source: CNET
Black Panther's claws keep making cash. . Disney said Black Panther is expected to clear $700 million in US box office receipts on Sunday, making the Marvel movie the third to hit this milestone after 2015's Star Wars: The Force Awakens and 2009's Avatar, according to Box Office Mojo. . The film's continued screening in US theaters is an accomplishment as it stands because the movie was released in February. . Disney added the superhero movie, which stars Chadwick Boseman, has made $646.7 million internationally bringing the combined total to more than $1.3 billion made so far. Black Panther is the second-most successful film of the year behind Avengers: Infinity War, which has made over $2 billion so far, according to Box Office Mojo. . Source: CNET
Hi August, you look promising. . How about we make the most of the time we have together?
Now your friends can see exactly how much time you spend lurking on Instagram. . Instagram announced Thursday the rollout of a new feature that will let your followers see when you're using the app. The concept is similar to Facebook Messenger: when someone you follow or have previously messaged with, is "active" in the app, Instagram will show a small green bubble next to their name to let you know that they're online. . "This update gives you the ability to have more of those realtime conversations while giving you the control to hide your status altogether," the company wrote in a blog post. . Source: Mashable
If the goal for a business is to reach customers where they are, a social media presence seems necessary. For a small business, engaging with consumers on at least one social media platform, offers an opportunity to promote your goods or services without a large monetary investment via traditional marketing channels. However, that same presence can be the source of other conflicts, if not managed properly. . Source: smallbusiness.chron.com
WhatsApp is considering curbing the amount of times you can forward messages to multiple chats, citing privacy concerns. The Facebook-owned app will begin a test that places a limit on message forwarding, it announced today. . Beyond the reasons WhatsApp listed, there are safety concerns involved for the spread of misinformation on the platform. The test comes after a series of violent mob lynchings in India were instigated by false messages about child abductions that were sent through WhatsApp. . Source: The Verge . . . . #facebook #google #social #contentmarketers ##facebook #google #social #contentmarketers #digital #marketing #socialmedia #socialmarketing #consistency #campaign #socialglims #contentmarketing #dubai #expo2020 #analytics #business #trending #insights #analysis #gist #tips #twitter #google #2018 #marketers #branding #audience #customers
Facebook is continuing its initiative to develop hardware that beams down high-speed internet, though its moving the effort to space. . According to documents obtained by Wired through Freedom of Information Act requests, the social network is working on an internet satellite that would efficiently provide broadband access to unserved and underserved areas throughout the world, according to an application filed with the FCC under the name PointView Tech LLC. . Facebook has confirmed to Wired that it is indeed the company behind the application, and thtat the working title for the satellite is Athena. . Source: TheVerge
YouTube has terminated the FamilyOFive account that belonged to Maryland parents Mike and Heather Martin. Both parents were charged with child neglect last fall, sentence to five years probation, and lost custody of two of their five children after using the kids to make viral prank videos that featured depictions of child abuse. . Pressure has been mounting on YouTube to take action against the account after it was discovered the Martins were still active on the platform. The accounts most recent video was posted four days ago. . The Martins claimed their children, the youngest of whom was 10 years old as of last year, were largely acting in the videos. . However, verbal shouting matches and depictions of physical violence, alongside evidence that their children sustained injuries while filming the videos, received widespread condemnation from members of the YouTube community who claimed the couple were exploiting their children and monetizing disturbing depictions of child abuse. . . Source: TheVerge
Google has been hit with a record-breaking 4.3 billion ($5 billion) fine by EU regulators for breaking antitrust laws. The European Commission says Google has abused its Android market dominance in three key areas. Google has been bundling its search engine and Chrome apps into the operating system. . Google has also blocked phone makers from creating devices that run forked versions of Android, and it made payments to certain large manufacturers and mobile network operators to exclusively bundle the Google search app on handsets. . The European Commission now wants Google to bring its illegal conduct to an end in an effective manner within 90 days of the decision. That means Google will need to stop forcing manufacturers to preinstall Chrome and Google search in order to offer the Google Play Store on handsets. . Google will also need to stop preventing phone makers from using forked versions of Android, as the commission says Google did not provide any credible evidence that Android forks would be affected by technical failures or fail to support apps. Googles illegal payments for app bundling ceased in 2014 after the EU started to look into the issue. . Source: TheVerge
Early this week, WhatsApp announced that its adding labels to forwarded messages so it users can better identify rumors, fake news, and other false information that often spreads via the messaging app. WhatsApp wants to fight the spread of fake news  and that means a meaningful change is coming to its app. . With this update, forwarded messages will have a small forwarded label, similar to forwarded email messages, indicating the note was originally written by someone other than the sender. . It may seem like a minor update, but its one the company says could help people identify fake news and other types of misinformation. WhatsApp cares deeply about your safety. We encourage you to think before sharing messages that were forwarded, the company wrote in a blog post. . The Facebook-owned app has faced a great deal of scrutiny in recent months over its role in spreading false information that has led to a series of violent incidents in India, including lynchings and the killing of a rumor buster hired by the government to warn locals about fake news. . Last week, Indias Ministry of Electronics sent a strongly-worded warning to the company, asking it to take immediate action on the issue. . WhatsApp has responded with new features, including new admin controls for group messages, as well as a bigger initiative to study fake news. The app is also taking out full-page newspaper ads in India to warn users not to trust forwarded messages. . Source: Techgistafrica
The Google Cloud Platform experienced problems on Tuesday, causing outages for Google Cloud Networking, App Engine and Stackdriver. Services like Snapchat, Pokemon Go and Spotify were also affected. . At 12:34 p.m. PT, Google said it was "investigating a problem with Google Cloud Global Loadbalancers returning 502s," referring to a message indicating server issues. Google posted the statement on the Cloud Status Dashboard. . At 12:53 p.m. PT, the company updated the status, indicating it had initiated a fix. . "The issue with Google Cloud Load balancers returning 502s should be resolved for majority of users and we expect a full resolution in the near future," the company wrote on the status dashboard. . . . Source: CNET
Apple has announced a new investment fund to boost clean energy in China by connecting suppliers with renewable energy sources, according to a press release. . The company says it will work with 10 other suppliers to jointly invest $300 million over the next four years. The end result is what Apple calling the China Clean Energy Fund, which will invest in and develop clean energy projects that total more than 1 gigawatt of renewable energy in the country. Thats enough to power 1 million homes, according to the company. A third party, DWS Group, will manage the funds and invest. . Overall, Apple and its suppliers hope to generate more than 4 gigawatts of clean energy by 2020. . . Source: TheVerge
Sonos is adding support for Apples AirPlay 2 wireless audio standard to its speakers, making them far more versatile for anyone who prefers Apple Music (or just likes using Apples music app for local music on an iPhone). . AirPlay 2 support also means that youll be able to use a Sonos speaker in conjunction with Apples own HomePod in a multi-room audio setup  an intriguing option for anyone who cant decide between the two companies. Heres how to get everything set up: . * Update the Sonos app * Update your speakers * Play some music * Adding Sonos to the iOS Home app. . Source: TheVerge
Googles Phone app can now automatically filter out calls that it detects to be spam, sending them directly to voicemail. Your phone wont ring, and you wont even get a missed call notification for any calls that Google weeds out. . If the spam callers leave a voicemail  you know, like the usual spiel about charges being filed against you over back-owed taxes  that will still find its way to your voicemail inbox. But again, there wont be a notification about it. Youll still see filtered calls in your call history and be able to check any voicemail you receive, Google says on its help page. . Most important of all, you wont be getting constantly interrupted by a vibrating phone as the calls come in. You can enable the option with a simple toggle from the settings area of the Phone app.
Facebook has hired one of Googles lead chip developers, Shahriar Rabii, to help the social network in its ongoing effort to design its own silicon, according to a report from Bloomberg. . Facebook hopped on the chip-developing bandwagon earlier this year, when they started to build a team that could design custom chips to power server and consumer hardware. Rabiis new role at Facebook will be as a vice president and head of silicon, according to an updated Linkedin bio. . Its a move thats on trend with other tech giants, many of which are bringing chip design in-house rather than relying on big-name suppliers like Intel and Qualcomm. . Apple has been creating its own custom processors for iOS devices for nearly a decade, and it has designed custom single-purpose chips for artificial intelligence and other tasks in recent years. The iPhone maker is also reportedly planning on using its own chips to replace the Intel processors for their Mac computers by 2020. . . Source: TheVerge
iFixit says its uncovered something that indicates that the new MacBook Pro keyboards use a silicone membrane underneath each individual key to keep dirt and other unsavory particles from finding their way under the keyboard and locking it up. . The methods describe using a guard structure extending from the key cap that would funnel contaminants away from the sensitive portions of the keyboard. That guard structure could be separated from the base when in an undepressed position and that it would not make contact with the base even when depressed due to a gasket sitting in between. . The patent application goes on to say that the gasket could comprise of a layer of silicone that would act as a membrane. iFixit now says thats exactly what the new MacBook Pro keyboard contains, and that the sound of the keyboard is quieter as a side effect of the silicone membrane. . Photo Credit: iFixit
You may have fewer followers on Twitter soon. Here's why - - As part of its continuing efforts to purge the chaff from its social network, on Wednesday Twitter announced it would be removing locked accounts from Twitter users' follower counts. - - Locked accounts are those that Twitter has locked the owner out of, either temporarily or permanently, for reasons such as suspect behavior that indicates the account might have been compromised. So if some of your followers have been hacked or socially engineered, they won't count towards your following on Twitter. - - Source: CNET
Social media does, in fact, help get the word out about your business. . But even more important than the exposure, it provides you with the opportunity to grow relationships with your target audience. Your fans, followers, and connections are people who know your organization, have likely done business with you in the past, and will be most likely to tell their friends about you - Azure Collier
(Swipe for more)  Indeed, England has only reached the final once, back in 1966 when, as host, it won football's biggest prize. . So, it is perhaps little surprise that England's feats in Russia have led to wild celebrations, frenzied headlines and countless memes. . For weeks England fans on social media, perhaps initially with tongue firmly in cheek but now with a sense of belief, have been claiming that football is "coming home," the chorus of the country's favorite football song "Three Lions," written when England hosted the European Championships in 1996 and reached the semifinals. . Once England beat Colombia on penalties in the last 16 -- the first time it had won a penalty shootout at a World Cup -- Twitter was awash with doctored videos, from Russian President Vladimir Putin playing the piano to the tune of "Three Lions" to a scene from Friends with Ross, Joey and Chandler dancing to the football anthem. . Source: CNN
There are many ways to gain a competitive edge over other businesses in your industry: you could have a better product, a more efficient manufacturing or distribution process, a more convenient location, better customer service, or a better understanding of the changing marketplace.  The best way to hold onto your competitive edge is to protect yourtrade secrets. A trade secret is that information that isn't known to others that gives you a competitive advantage in the market  Source: smallbusinesses.firmlaw.com
Facebook has stated that they hope a new team of ex-intelligence officers and media experts will help the company spot potential problems before they are exploited by bad actors.  A team of experts including former cybersecurity officials, researchers, and media buyers will act as the companys Investigative Operations Team and work to find the most immoral possible uses of Facebook and recommend ways to prevent them, company executives told BuzzFeed News.
Instagrams meteoric rise continues, dwarfing the stagnant growth rates of Snapchat and Facebook. Today Instagram announced that it has reached 1 billion monthly active users, after passing 800 million in September 2017 with 500 million daily users. - - That massive audience could be a powerful draw for IGTV, the longer-form video hub its launching for creators today. While IGTV monetization options are expected in the future, content makers may flock to it early just to get exposure and build their fan base. - - - - - - #news #tech #technology #instagram #users #IGTVapp #igtv #insights #socialmedia#discovery #researchers #code #features #android#kevinsystrom #report #tweets #tools #community#socialglims #innovation #usa #dubai #expo2020#sme #startups #entrepreneurs #trending#business #2018
Instagram TV mobile app seeks to rival YouTube - - Facebook Inc-owned social network Instagram launched a mobile app on Wednesday dedicated to user-generated videos up to an hour long, intensifying the competition for consumers time among ad-supported streaming services such as YouTube. - - - - - #news#tech#technology#instagram #users#IGTVapp#igtv#insights#socialmedia#discovery#researchers#code#features#android#kevinsystrom#report#tweets#tools#community#socialglims#innovation#usa#dubai#expo2020#sme#startups#entrepreneurs#trending#business#2018
Happy Eid El Fitr! We wish you all the season's best, ith love from us at  #SocialGlims - - - - - #Dubai #Abudhabi #SocialGlims #Social #Socialmedia #MyDubai #SmartDubai #tips #onlinemarketing #digitalmarketing #contentmarketers #wearesocial #marketing #socialmedia #socialmediamarketing #consistency #socialmediacampaign #socialglims #contentmarketing #dubai #expo2020
Data science helps with improved business decision making. - -  You can measure and track the response of consumers to products/services you currently offer and those that you are considering in the future.  Consumer patterns of behaviour can be analysed using real facts, not gut feelings. - - - - - #tips #onlinemarketing #digitalmarketing #contentmarketers #wearesocial #marketing #socialmedia #socialmediamarketing #consistency #socialmediacampaign #socialglims #contentmarketing #dubai #expo2020 #analytics #business #trending #insights #analysis #socialmediaanalysis #twitter #google #2018 #marketers #branding #audience #customers
Complexity not only kills performance but did you know that as businesses grow and scale, the key dynamic that slows - or impairs - progress is the effect of complexity. Keeping your processes simple makes it easy to stay engaged with clients and helps to drive efficiency : : Source: @GordonTredgold : : : : : #tips #onlinemarketing #digitalmarketing #contentmarketers #wearesocial #marketing #socialmedia #socialmediamarketing #consistency #socialmediacampaign #socialglims #contentmarketing #dubai #expo2020 #analytics #business #trending #insights #analysis #socialmediaanalysis #twitter #google #2018 #marketers #branding #audience #customers
If customers are to trust you and commit to your brand, your brand needs to be professional. Hire that graphic designer to create your logo, business cards, website so that you have a consistent look. Hire a marketing guru and/or a business coach to help you plan strategy. Research business systems so your invoicing, proposals and communications are complete, organized and automated. How you treat your business is how youll be perceived to treat a clients business.  Source: Karen DeFelice, Canva
You are your brand, which means your brand should be you. Customers are real people so they want to relate to people not businesses. How to inject your brand with some personality that customers can relate to? Having multiple passions and being a multi-dimensional person makes you more charismatic, more interesting and more compelling. Its about embracing all parts of you  not being afraid to be who you really are  and attracting clients who are totally turned on by who you are and what you love.  Source: Karen DeFelice, Canva
Snapchat is secretly planning the launch of its first full-fledged developer platform, currently called Snapkit. The platforms prototypes indicate it will let other apps offer a login with Snapchat options, use the Bitmoji avatars it acquired and host a version of Snaps full-featured camera software that can share back to Snapchat. Multiple sources confirm Snap Inc. is currently in talks with several app developers to integrate Snapkit. The platform could breathe new life into plateauing Snapchat by colonizing the mobile app ecosystem with its login buttons and content. Facebook used a similar strategy to become a ubiquitous utility with tentacles touching everyones business.  Source: Techcrunch
Your business growth will often mirror your own growth and personal development. If you refuse to grow as a person, odds are your business will suffer. Be coachable, seek out mentoring and join a high-end mastermind group. The latter especially will massively catapult your business to success. Accountability and peer group support any be overlooked when scaling a business!  Source: Gordon Tredgold, Inc.
The one thing that we cannot create, and it doesn't matter how much money you make, is time. There are only 24 hours and day. Be ruthless with it. Being able to scale and meet growth goals requires meticulous time management and prioritizing each day to use your time efficiently. The better you can manage your time, the more control you will have in managing your business.  Source: Gordon Tredgold, Inc.
Google is ramping up its efforts to return to China. Earlier this year, the search giant detailed plans to bring its ARCore technology  which enables augmented reality and virtual reality  to phones in China and this week that effort went live with its first partner, Xiaomi. Initially the technology will be available for Xiaomis Mix 2S devices via an app in the Xiaomi App Store, but Google has plans to add more partners in Mainland China over time. Huawei and Samsung are two confirmed names that have signed up to distribute ARCore apps on Chinese soil, Google said previously.  Source: Techcrunch
Who let the dogs out? @CityDogsCLE did, that's who! And you know us. We're always up for for a good Yappy Hour.      #CMWorld #contentmarketing #dogs #dogsofinstagram #dogs_of_instagram #instagramdogs #dogstagram #pitbull #adoptdontshop
Missing that hour of sleep after Daylight Saving Time? Yea, us too.
Squad goals.  #CMWorld #contentmarketing #content #contentmarketingstrategy #contentstrategy #marketing #professionaldevelopment #speaker #speakerlife
How many years have you attended Content Marketing World?   Whether it's your first time joining us or your 10th, don't make a rookie mistake and wait to sign up. Register before the end of the month to secure Super Early Bird rates and use code IG100 to get an extra $100 off your ticket price.     #CMWorld #contentmarketing #content #contentmarketingstrategy #contentstrategy #marketing #professionaldevelopment
Anatomy of a good #CMWorld selfie.   Find the perfect spot.  Choose your best angle.  Smile. 
Guess you could say great content is right up his alley.      #CMWorld #contentmarketing
Is @JoePulizzi's fashion sense rubbing off on Content Marketing World attendees? We think so.   #OrangeLove #OOTD #ContentMarketing #CMWorld
You spammed me all night long.     #RejectedCandyHearts #ValentinesDay #contentmarketing
It's only Thursday? We got nothing. 
Congratulations to our friend @fementrepreneur on the release of her new book! @robertrose recently sat down with Julia to discuss her path to content. Hit the link in our bio to hear the complete interview.      #contentmarketing #podcast #WeeklyWrap #WomanRising
You'll always find good music, great vibes, and rockin' marketers at Content Marketing World.      #CMWorld #contentmarketing #rockhall #clevelandrocks #thegarage #thisiscle @rockhall
Thanks for your message, but I'm currently out of the office.   Work is always better with some sun. In two months, we'll be in San Diego for ContentTECH Summit. Why not block off your calendar and join us. If you buy your All-Access Pass before Friday, you'll save $400. (Make the boss happy and use code IG100 to get another $100 off!) Click the link in our bio  for details.     #contentmarketing #martech
Content Marketing World always attracts a colorful bunch.      #CMWorld #contentmarketing
We don't know who needs to hear this, but do whatever makes you happiest. 
How do we spell success?  C-M-W-O-R-L-D, of course!     #contentmarketing #CMWorld
You don't need to be a speed reader to be in the #CMWorld Book Club.  We know marketers are busy, so we give you plenty of time to get ready.   Our next book: Unskippable by @jimkukral.   The February 27 discussion will be led by @jeremybednarski.   All meetings are held in our Slack group. Click on the link in our bio for details!
#CMWorld has the best dressed speakers on the orange carpet.  #contentmarketing #speakerlife  #OOTD
 Sound up   Were kind of ebookd and whitepaperd out. << who can relate?   In the latest episode of the Weekly Wrap, Robert Rose chats with our very own Cathy McPhillips about marketing to marketers, new lead gen challenges, and where content marketing is going in 2020. Click the link in our bio  to listen to the complete interview.     #WeeklyWrap #podcast #CMWorld #contentmarketing #leadgen
It's official. @AlanZweibelOfficial will keynote #ContentTECH Summit!  Hear him give a candid look into his career, from writing some of the most iconic SNL sketches to collaborating on a Tony Award winning play. See the storied comedy writer this April in San Diego.     #contentmarketing #martech #storytelling
Were headed to San Diego in  days! Will see you at #ContentTECH Summit?
We may have flipped the calendar to a new year,  but its still fun to look back at an amazing 2019.     #CMWorld #contentmarketing #2019bestnine
We're ready to shake things up in 2020. How will you be kickstarting your creativity in the new year? #CMWorld
May the season bring you much joy and love. Merry Christmas from our family to yours!  #CMWorld
Before you leave the office to enjoy your holiday cookies and egg nog,  don't forget to make an investment in yourself. Purchase your ticket for Content Marketing World 2020. Prices go up next week! #CMWorld
Wishing you all the gifts the season brings! Happy Hanukkah! 
We got 99 problems, but our amazing community ain't one.    We want to give a shout out to the smart, kind, and generous content marketers out there. This photo was taken at this year's Big Top Tweetup and includes community members from Content Marketing World,  #contentchat,  and #tacochat.  Keep doing what you're doing. You all rock!  PS, if you'd like to meet some of these awesome people, many of them will be at tomorrow's #CMWorld Twitter chat. Come tweet with us starting at noon EDT. We'll be taking a look back at 2019!
TGIF! Time to break out the bling!  #CMWorld
runcrastination (noun) having a million things to do and going for a run instead.  Bet the content marketers in the #CMWorld Run Club understand.      #running #runnersofinstagram #instarun
It's the most wonderful time of the year. We are thrilled to announce registration is now open for Content Marketing World 2020. We'll be back in Cleveland, Ohio for our th year! Will we see you in October? Click the link in our bio  to learn more.     #CMWorld #contentmarketing #marketing #conference
Family and friends.  Turkey and pie.  Football and lots of orange.   Today is our kind of holiday. Seasons eatings from the entire CMI team!     #CMWorld #Thanksgiving
"If only I had checked myself." - Guy who wrecked himself (The tower didn't actually fall. This attendee's got game. )     #CMWorld #TGIF #Jenga #GameNight
This is our happy hour.   BIG things happen when our team meets up IRL. Want to see the fantastic things these two awesome people are up to? Attend #ContentTECH Summit in San Diego!  @cathymc and @jk_kalinowski would love to tell you all about it. Click the link in our bio  to learn more about this awesome event.
Think you have what it takes to take on the Content Marketing World stage? Submit a topic proposal. Don't miss your chance to be a part of our incredible speaker lineup. Click the link in our bio to learn more.     #CMWorld #contentmarketing #speakers #speakersbureau #CallForSpeakers
 Have you heard the news? Registration is now open for ContentTECH Summit. Join us in San Diego April 20-22!  Click the link in our bio to learn more.      #ContentTECH #contentmarketing #martech
 Content marketers, let's talk about the danger of losing spontaneity.   Click the link in our bio  to hear more on @robertrose's #podcast, The #WeeklyWrap.
How are you celebrating Punk for a Day Day? We'll probably listen to a lot of Black Flag.  #ContentTECH #CMWorld #keynotespeaker
 @jesper.laursen.1428 believes native advertising done right holds great potential for getting your message to the right people, at the right time.  The founder of the Native Advertising Institute recently sat down with our @robertrose. Click the link in our bio to hear the full interview.     #WeeklyWrap #CMWorld #contentmarketing #nativeadvertising #podcast
Reasons to attend Demand Generation Summit 2019:  1 Day  Six smart speakers (Swipe to see who they are!)  It's free.  It's virtual so you can watch from work or home  Aren't able to commit? Recordings will be available for 90 days so you can binge watch them when you can.  Registration is easy. Click the link in our bio. 
DYK there's an urban farm at @cleconventions? Several #CMWorld attendees were treated to a tour and got to see the farm's goats, pigs, bees, and chickens.   To learn more about the convention center's green practices and how they work with CMI on sustainability efforts, click the link in our bio.     #urbanfarm #sustainableliving #sustainability #ThisIsCLE #MeeetInCLE #Cleveland
Every year, we invite college students to Content Marketing World. There, they assist with social media efforts around the event. But they are also encouraged to gain valuable professional insights by attending sessions and keynotes. Thank you @dtrohrs, @bridgetmcphillips, and @_hannamoore (not pictured) for all of your hard work!  #CMWorld #contentmarketing #socialmedia #interns
Know what makes us smile? An evening with friends!      #CMWorld #WorldSmileDay #Smile #Happiness
It's a great day to be a Bobcat!  @cathymc never turns down an opportunity to speak at her alma mater. But yesterday was extra special. She spoke at @ohio.university's AMA Marketing Day, alongside some familiar faces.      #AMA #AMAWM #CMWorld #contentmarketing @ama_marketing @pr2020team
If you could ask Heidi Cohen anything about #contentmarketing, what would it be? #CMWorld
CMI General Manager @stephanie_stahl teamed up with marketing leaders from Twitter Arthouse, Amtrak, and The Foundry at Meredith for a spectacular panel at Advertising Week New York. Terrific to see a packed house for a discussion on the future of content marketing!      #AWNewYork #awnewyork2019 #contentmarketing @awnewyork_ @mastheadmedia
 What's one book that has influenced your way of thinking about life and work?   PS if you haven't signed up for the CMWorld book club, what are you waiting for? Click the link in our bio  for more info.     #CMWorld #contentmarketing #bookclub
Content marketers take their punctuation seriously.     #nationalpunctuationday #CMWorld #contentmarketing
Our Content Marketing World speakers sure have a lot to say.  Our #tbt gives us an incredible look at the visual notes captured by @kingmanink.  Would you like to see all of the graphic recordings drawn at the event?   Click the link in our bio.      #CMWorld #visualnotes #sketchnotes #graphicrecording
Anyone else stay up late for Monday Night Football and need an extra cup of coffee this morning?  Wishing we were at Content Marketing World, enjoying a cold brew with @newscred!  #CMWorld #GoBrowns #coffee #NitroColdBrew
The Content Marketing Awards winners exemplify excellence and achievement in our industry. ICYMI, we announced this year's Distinguished Award winners at Content Marketing World. Congratulations to all!   Laura Hamlyn, Red Hat B2B Content Marketer of the Year  Neil Wertheimer, AARP B2C Content Marketer of the Year  Searching for Salai  SAP America, Inc. Project of the Year  Threat Data Exposes Industrial USB Risks  Thought Marketing B2B Branded Content Campaign of the Year  Lets Ask Life for Those We Love  Zavarovalnica Triglav (PM, poslovni mediji) B2C Branded Content Campaign of the Year  Bert van Loon and AJ Huisman CMWorld Community Champions     #CMWorld #contentmarketing #awards #agencylife #B2B #B2C
The three #CMWorld ringleaders. 
NEWSFLASH...the second God puts a dream in your heart he already KNOWS you got what it takes to turn it into a reality. The difference is he knows it and sometimes you don't have the faith that He's got ya, boo!  #faithinbiz #stayinthefaith
You are a giver. You go out of your way to serve others.  Truth is...people will let you down. They may not mean to, but it still happens.  Bigger question is...how do you deal with the instances where you are constantly let down by people who are takers?  Sometimes, you have to walk away. Sometimes, you have to stop crossing oceans and compromising your well being for those that will not jump a puddle for you.
Some guardian angels have fur instead of wings! Can I get an AMEN?! 
If something in your past is broken, that doesn't mean you can't make a colorful future. Your future is FULL of possibilities. Go after them with all you've got!
Happy International Womens Day! Tag someone who has made a difference in your life!
It's all about perspective. You either see the setback or the potential.
Have you ever heard the phrase, "Someone in the cheap seats does not get an opinion in your life"? Every time you stop twinkling to please others, you are not living up to your potential. You are not letting the light within you shine.  You are full of possibilities. The world needs you to shine your light. More importantly, you need to show up and shine for you.
These gurls!!  em! #smmw20
Excited to be in beautiful San Diego for #SMMW20! Who is here already?!
Here's some grounded advice  for ya:  STAND tall and proud GO out on a limb REMEMBER your roots DRINK plenty of water BE CONTENT with your natural beauty ENJOY the view  #PunIntended 
Bet you want to keep things live and fresh on Pinterest. Check out what Peg Fitzpatrick has to say when it comes to keeping your content fresh and relevant to your business. >>> https://kimgarst.com/boostblogwithpinterest
Little Acts of Kindness: They seem so simple. No matter how little they seem, their impact can go a long way! #BeKind #ActsOfKindness
Life is too short to let anyone treat you like free salsa! You. ARE. Guacamole. Baby!
Never hesitate to share your story - the good, the bad AND the ugly. You just never know how the story of your wins AND losses can impact and inspire someone else. #Inspire
No two people are alike. You are unique, so don't compare yourself or your situation to others. Show up, be consistent, do YOUR thing and you will shine when it's your time. #TrustMe
Stop saying "I can't afford it" but instead start thinking about what you want and WHY you want it. Thoughts are things. You have the ability through your thoughts, beliefs and actions to manifest the reality you desire.   Your reality will be whatever you say it will be. Remember, the circumstances that you are in are only temporary if you CHOOSE them to be. #MoneyMindset #ManifestReality
In case no one has told you lately...it's OKAY to take a break! Know what else? The world will NOT fall apart if you take time to refuel. Know what else? Self-care is one of the only things that only YOU can control. Now, go get some rest and tackle "it" tomorrow. #SheRested
Focus on the blessings that are right in front of you. Don't let yourself be distracted by what other's are doing. Celebrate your blessings.  #Grateful #entrepreneur #entrepreneurs #entrepreneurship #entrepreneurlife #businessquotes #girlboss #quoteoftheday #inspiredaily #makeithappen #smtips #socialmediatips
Anyone can focus on the negatives...BE THE ONE WHO FOCUSES on the GOLD in others! #entrepreneur #entrepreneurs #entrepreneurship #entrepreneurlife #businessquotes #girlboss #quoteoftheday #inspiredaily #makeithappen #smtips #socialmediatips
Amazing things happen when you step out of your comfort zone! JustSayin #entrepreneur #entrepreneurs #entrepreneurship #entrepreneurlife #businessquotes #girlboss #quoteoftheday #inspiredaily #makeithappen #smtips #socialmediatips
Stand in YOUR truth! Be who you are!! #normalisboring #entrepreneur #entrepreneurs #entrepreneurship #entrepreneurlife #businessquotes #girlboss #quoteoftheday #inspiredaily #makeithappen #smtips #socialmediatips
Most people online spend most of their time on social media. And social media trends are constantly shifting. It's a fast-paced change, right? Which platform do you think performs well?  Let's take a peek at the numbers. The stats say it all! But personally, which one was a wowsers moment for you?
Anyone else have issues getting photos with your boys?! Ughhh  I am aposing and they are...well just NOT lol
Successful people never say Im too stupid... or Im not smart enough.... If they dont know something, they figure out how to get that knowledge. Successful people invest in knowledge - they invest in whatever is going them to the next level. Find a person who is demonstrating what you want to know in their business and learn from them. Dont let a stumbling block be a stopping block.
Check this out! Starting 11/13, my friends over @Agorapulse are dropping over 25 online sessions covering #SocialMediaMarketing Netflix-style. Binge watch when you can! Did I mention, it's FREE?! ->https://agorapulse.heysummit.com/
How do you deal with customers that are constant complainers, nagsters, or know-it-allers? They may be a pain the patootie but they are still paying us, right?  How do you get away from focusing on this negative energy?! Lets chat about this for a second...
Shoutout to the @thedoncesarhotel for the lovely welcome! Excited to be keynoting  at the #beautybusinesssummitng2019 tomorrow afternoon!
The shoes maketh the outfit, right!?  Ready to meet some amazing people and share how FACEBOOK GROUPS are the bomb diggety for #relationshipbuilding at #smdayden19 .
Excited to be sharing social media techniques to GROW some businesses today at @rayhigdon s event. LOVE peeps with hot dreams!! #rankmakers #rankmakerslive #rml2019
Birthday presents from the best team evvvrrrah!! #lovethem  @deborahturton @meghanmonaghan1
Curious...what is YOUR favorite phone app? #phoneapp
Yasss, I hate going to the beauty shop but I do look GOOD afterwards! says #SophieGirl #sweetpup
Dinner and a great conversation with these two sweet friends! @joelcomm @sociallypowered  Soooo incredibly thankful for the amazing friendships I have formed through social media!
Someone isnt paying attention to the game .
Keeping it real ya'll!  Most dangerous words we can ever utter are "I'll do it later" or "I'll do it when". Later comes and goes and so does the opportunity to do the "thing" you put off.  Honestly, WHEN is even worse because use of that word is usually dependent on waiting on some external force to move mountains BEFORE we can take action, right?  Just do the thing! DO IT NOW! Don't wait, don't wait until it's perfect.  #TakeAction #DoItMessy #laptoplifestyle #wifiwealth #beyourownboss #laptoplifestyle #smallbusinessowner #businesstip #smallbusinesmarketing #onlinebusinesscoach #businesscoach #femaleentrepreneur #influencer #socialmediatips #pivottofreedom
Be a positive light to everyone around you! I firmly believe that you can NEVER EVAH go wrong encouraging others to be more of who they were meant to be. Offer them hope and possibilities.  #YouGotThis #BizTips #motivationalquotes #success #inspireandelevate #positivevibes #entrepreneur #successquotes #successmindset #fempower #empoweringothers #hersuccess #dailymotivation #entrepreneurlife #successdriven #entrepreneurs #positivequotes
Let's talk about this for a second...oh so many focus on leading with their business instead of just connecting on a HUMAN TO HUMAN level FIRST! A FEW TIPS ON HOW TO BE RELATABLE  Most people LOVE to talk. I'm going to ask you to LISTEN ! Scenario #1:  Me: You want to  know what I think about Facebook Groups? You: No, what? Me: Let me tell you what I think is all wrong... Who can get a word in edgewise there, right?  Scenario #2:  Me: So what do you think about using Facebook groups in your business? You: Hmmm...let me tell you what I think.  In which scenario do you feel the other person feels valued?? Where do you feel like we're bonding more?  Ummmm...probably the one where you get to share your opinions with me while I listen, right? Being relatable isn't about helping someone else relate to you -- it's about you relating to them. Feel free to pass this along if it resonates with you ! #contentcreators #creativity #creativebusiness #justsayin #creativecommunity #mycreativebiz #chooseothers #creativepreneur #girlbosses #smallbusiness #biztip #biztips #socialmediatips #bossbabetribe #createcultivate #mycreativecommunity #entrepreneurmindset #successmindset #manifestingmindset #hersuccess #femaleentrepreneurlife
One of my  words of all time...BLESSED! I was walking through JoAnn Fabrics one day and saw this "blessed" word and I had to buy it! It sits on a bookcase in my office and every time I see it, it makes me . What's YOUR word? #YouGotThis #BizTips #motivationalquotes #success #inspireandelevate #positivevibes #entrepreneur #girlboss #successquotes #successmindset #fempower #empoweringothers #hersuccess
 CHALLENGE FOR YA!  Get off Instagram and go do something that makes you !  As entrepreneurs...we need to unwind from time to time...make sure you reward yourself after you have accomplished a task or goal.  CELEBRATE the wins in your business by smelling the  roses ! #YouGotThis #BizTips #motivationalquotes #success #inspireandelevate #positivevibes #entrepreneur #girlboss #successquotes #successmindset #fempower #empoweringothers #hersuccess
Many times we focus on the tremendous weight that life's problems bring our way INSTEAD of focusing on the incredible power we have within us to change our circumstances.  #YouGotThis #BizTips #motivationalquotes #success #inspireandelevate #positivevibes #entrepreneur #girlboss #successquotes #successmindset #fempower #empoweringothers #hersuccess #dailymotivation #entrepreneurlife #successdriven #entrepreneurs #positivequotes
Do you have a Facebook group for your business or want to have one? NOW is da time to capitalize on them!  Did ya know that over 200 million people are now part of meaningful groups on Facebook  and Facebook is trying to grow this number to 1 billion over the next few years! WOWSERS, right!? AND Mark Zuckerburg recently stated at the F8 conference that groups are one of their  priorities moving forward!  Facebook groups are a fantastic way to provide value to your audience, while growing your traffic, email list and sales.  They provide a more personal, interactive environment where you can: Share your knowledge! Become a trusted expert in your field Connect your customers or clients with one another - BUILD COMMUNITY! Promote your free content (blog posts, eBooks, guides, webinars, etc.).  But while Facebook groups can be amazing brand-building tools, getting people to actually JOIN them can be a challenge.  My blog today covers down on 10 ways to GROW a Facebook group!  The link is in my profile! #marketing #socialmedia #facebook #socialmediamarketing #getcreative #marketingtips #biztips #biztip #digitalmarketing #facebookgroups #facebookmarketing #fbmarketing #marketing101 #monetizesocial #marketingstrategy #businesswoman #socialmediastrategy #socialmediatips #entrepreneurs #success #keeplearning
PLEASE, PLEASE, PLEASE, with a big ole cherry on top...don't buy followers to look and/or feel popular.  It is soooo much better for you, your brand and your community to have a CONNECTED following than to have a huge following that does not connect with you at all.  When you throw something out there, you want to make sure your community catches it and absorbs it.  If you have a huge following that is not connected, it's like throwing something out there hoping it will stick. It's just not effective.  Build your tribe authentically, one person at a time.
Someone is helping me with planning for my upcoming Next Level Success Mastermind retreat. Shes spreading paw-sitivity already! 
This is happening...just a snuggling with #SophieGirl. Whats going on in your world today?!
This may have happened . @phylliskhare it was GREAT to spend some time with you today!!
My morning view! What an amazing God filled weekend! Got to share marketing secrets with my lovely friend @hannahkeeleys tribe! Yall, shes got some gud stuff going on! Watch out 2019! God is working in her!
Off to first speaking op of 2019! Sooo incredibly blessed to have the opportunity to pour into others. #thankyoujesus
As we close out 2018, embrace what's in store for you in 2019! It's chock full of possibility!!
Merry Christmas from my family to yours!!
Happy Birthday, Jesus! #ReasonForTheSeason
We  St. Patricks Day because we love GREEN! We hope you have a lucky day!  . . . #stpatricksday #CRUSHingit #crushagency2 #marketingagency #marketing #stragety #socialmedia #seo #pr #design
Happy day of love!  . . . #CRUSHingit #valentinesday #dayoflove #happyvalentinesday #thecrushagency
Happy 2020 from The CRUSH Agency 2.0! 
We hope you have had a wonderful holiday filled with love and laughter. 
Happy Thanksgiving! May your day be filled with laughter and loved ones.
Are you an idea person or a doer? . . #crushagency2 #crushingit #digitalmarketing #seo #PR #webdesign #marketingagency
Have a safe and happy holiday from all of us at CRUSH 2.0! 
Freedom isnt free. We are thankful for those who made the ultimate sacrifice. 
May the luck of the Irish be with you today!  . #crushagency2 #CRUSHingIt #stpatricksday #digitalmarketing #seo #socialmedia #advertising
Hello 2019!  . . #crushingit #thecrushagency2 #newyear #happynewyear
Happiest of holidays from Crush 2.0! 
Happy Thanksgiving from The Crush Agency 2.0! We are thankful for all of you! . . . #crushingit #happythanksgiving #thecrushagency2 #turkeyday #thankful #gobblegobble
Happy Labor Day from CRUSH 2.0! . . . #laborday #crushagency2 #crushingit #happylaborday #holidayweekend #holiday
Are you willing to take the plunge and try something new in your business?  . . . #crushsgency2 #crushingit #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #digitalmarketing #webdevelopment #seo #advertising #smallbusiness
Happy Independence day from everyone at CRUSH 2.0!  . . . #4thofjuly #independenceday #holiday #america #happybirthdayamerica #usa
What do people say about your company when you arent there? . . . #crushagency2 #crushingit #marketing #seo #socialmedia #digitalmarketing #websitedesign #startup #smallbusiness #franchise
We are so thankful for the freedoms we have as a country.  . . . #crushagency2 #memorialday #freedom #usa #america #landofthefree #becauseofthebrave
Wants some tips for growing your Instagram account? . 1.) Be consistent. People will start to expect posts every day if you start posting every day. Dont let them down! . 2.) Comment and like other peoples photos. Be a giver! Leave genuine comments on photos and respond when people comment on yours. . 3.) Use hashtags! These are searchable so use relevant ones to your post to get noticed. . 4.) Stay true to your brand. If you own a restaurant and only post about the restaurant, dont randomly throw in a post about a puppy. Im sure its cute, but it sends mixed messages to your followers. . What is your best tip? . #socialmedia #instagram #marketing #digitalmarketing #crushingit #crushagency2 #workhard #organicgrowth #getsocial #socialmediatips #hashtag #advertising #branding
Have you ever thought about using bloggers or social media influencers in your marketing and advertising plans? They hold a trust factor with their followers that can really benefit your brand! . . . #crushingit #crushagency2 #socialmedia #influencer #blogger #marketing #digitalmarketing #online #socialinfluence
Do you ask for reviews for your business? Give it a try!  . . . #crushagency2 #crushingit #marketing #business #digitalmarketing #advertising #socialmedia #projectmanagement #businesstips #businessowner
Happy St. Patrick's Day from everyone at The Crush Agency 2.0! We love this holiday in particular because our favorite color is GREEN! . . . #CRUSHingIt #Crushagency2 #Stpatricksday #stpattysday #happystpatricksday #green #luckoftheirish #holiday #potofgold #rainbow #Crushagency2point0 #digitalmarketing #PR #projectmanagement #marketing #socialmedia #webdesign
Have you verbalized your dreams lately? Not even sure what they are? Let us help you grow your business and realize your dreams! Click the link in our profile. . . . #CRUSHingit #CRUSHagency #business #marketing #digitalmarketing #SEO #webdesign #socialmedia #management #PR #advertising #digital #projectmanagement #hustle #workhard #dreambig
Happy Valentines Day from the Crush Agency 2.0! . . . #CRUSHingit #crushagency2 #marketing #socialmedia #valentinesday #advertising #seo #websitedesign #onlinemarketing #business #projectmanagement #graphicdesign #PR
Believe you can do the impossible! . . . #CRUSHingit #CRUSHagency2 #digitalmarketing #advertising #marketing #socialmedia #projectmanagement #dreambig #hustle #hardwork #webdesign #workhard #marketing #SEO
thecrushagencyDid you know that we have a FREE SEO analysis on our website? We will send you a FREE report showing you exactly how SEO, digital and social marketing friendly your site is. Check it out here: http://thecrushagency.com/free-seo-analysis/ . . . #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #SEO #onlinemarketing #PR #advertising #projectmanagement #socialmedia #website #hustle #hardwork #email #digital #marketing
Believing in your dreams is an important part of the process. What will you do in 2018? . . . #goals #newyear #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #digitalmarketing #socialmedia #PR #advertising #believeinyourself #believe #dream #business #marketing
Bill and Cheryl are currently at the southeast regional fruit and vegetable conference. Here is a shot of Bill speaking. . . . #CRUSHingit #TheCrushagency2 #speaker #motivation #workhard #marketing #advertising #PR
Wise words from a hard worker! . . . #MichaelPhelps #CRUSHingit #CrushAgency2 #digitalmarketing #socialmedia #marketing #website #webdesign #hardwork #workhard #hustle #socialmediamarketing #projectmanagement #marketer
Happy New Year from everyone at Crush Agency 2! We hope you have a prosperous and healthy 2018. . . . #HappyNewYear #NYE #Crushagency2 #CRUSHingit #cheers #2018 #healthandhappiness #NewYear #holidays #raiseaglass
Meet the team! Kate is an established graphic artist who serves as the lead artist for several of our franchise clients. Her work has been seen all across the country. To learn more about Kate be sure to visit our website (link in profile). . . . #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #graphicdesign #digitalmarketing #hardwork #workhard #advertising #marketing #projectmanagement #PR #hustle
Do more. Be more. . . .  #TheCRUSHAgency2 #CRUSHingit #marketing #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #advertising #graphicdesign #blogging #projectmanagement #workhard #hustle #expectgreatness #leadership #motivation
Meet Jeff! Jeff has 25 years of digital and traditional media experience. He is a leader in web development and digital advertising solutions. Ready more about him on our website. (Link in profile) . . .  #TheCRUSHAgency2 #CRUSHingit #marketing #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #advertising #graphicdesign #blogging #projectmanagement #workhard #hustle #expectgreatness
Happy Thanksgiving from your friends at The CRUSH Agency 2.0! . . . #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #Thanksgiving #HappyThanksgiving #pumpkin #HappyTurkeyDay #gobblegobble #HappyHolidays
Heather Montgomery has been working in social media for nearly eight years. It started with her own blog that she still writes, and then grew to helping others learn and understand the ever changing online world. Learn more about her on our website:  http://bit.ly/2zR6TgV . . . #CRUSHingit #CrushAgency2 #marketing #PR #personalbranding #advertising #socialmedia #graphicdesign #projectmanagement #workhard #hardwork #hustle #onlinemarketing #socialmediamanager #blogger
Truth? You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. . . . #TheCRUSHAgency2 #CRUSHingit #marketing #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #advertising #graphicdesign #blogging #projectmanagement #workhard #hustle #expectgreatness #truth #quotes
Meet Dana! Dana Swinney is a PR natural, who has sharpened her skills working with the top media outlets on both the east and west coast, and most of the markets in-between. To learn more about her, check out the link in our profile. . . . #CRUSHingit #CrushAgency2 #marketing #PR #personalbranding #advertising #socialmedia #graphicdesign #projectmanagement #workhard #hardwork #hustle #onlinemarketing
What do YOU do to make it happen? . . . #CRUSHingit #digitalmarketing #PR #advertising #personalbranding #graphicdesign #socialmedia #workhard #hustle #hardwork #success #onlinemarketing #SEO #makeithappen #believeinyourself #marketing
Meet more of our awesome team! Brent coordinates the activities that strategically promote client franchises across the country. In addition to setting advertising budgets, he also manages the vendor relationships that achieve the goals. Learn more about him on our website (Link in bio). . . . #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #marketing #projectmanagement #graphicdesign #socialmedia #digitalmarketing #personalpranding #onlinemarketing #advertising #website #hardwork #teamwork #accountmanagement #workhard #hustle #goals #dreambig #business
Have you planted your tree yet? . . . #quotes #businessquotes #CRUSHingit #crushagency2 #warrenbuffett #plantatree #business #marketing #onlinemarketing #socialmedia #graphicdesign #b2b #advertising #blog #newsletter #branding #personalbrand #personalbranding #logo #SEO #network
Happy Halloween from all of us at CRUSH 2.0 . . . #happyhalloween #jackolantern #halloween #october31 #crushingit #crushagency2 #pumpkin #boo #trickortreat
At Crush 2.0, we don't give up. We keep working hard for you and find solutions to your problems. . . . #Crushagency2 #CRUSHingit #onlinemarketing #waltdisney #quote #digitalmarketing #personalbranding #websdesign #socialmedia #teamwork #hardwork #workhard #advertising #marketing #nevergiveup #motivation
Meet our team! Cheryl began her career with At The Table Public Relations in 1987. Her leadership philosophy promotes honesty, integrity and excellence. She has a no-nonsense approach which earns her the respect from staff, clients and peers. Learn more by going to the "about us" section on our website (link in profile). . . . #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #onlinemarketing #advertising #PR #socialmedia #webdesign #graphicdesign #workhard #marketing #franchise #ads #personalbrand #branding #innovation #success #growthhacking #SEO #creativiy #customerexperience
What is your definition of success? . . . #CRUSHingit #CrushAgency2 #socialmedia #advertising #business #quote #motivation #digitalmarketing #success #onlinemarketing #webdesign #graphicdesign #SEO #marketing #workhard #branding #personalbrand #growthhacking #biztips #innovation #leadership #creativity #b2b #contentmarketing #customerexperience #strategy
Meet the team! This is the first in a series of posts introducing our awesome team that is currently CRUSHing it! . Here is a little about Bill. To find out more, check out the "about us" tab on our website (link in profile). . "Bill is a senior strategic branding expert with 28 years of branding, public relations, advertising and international marketing and trade experience. He has a unique ability to solve marketing problems and find effective solutions to issues that would otherwise inhibit the success of a product, franchise or service." . . . #TheCrushAgency #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #onlinemarketing #digitalmarketing #marketing #meettheteam #socialmedia #SEO #WebDevelopment #projectmanagement #ContentDevelopment #GraphicDesign #advertising #business #growth #knowledge #franchise #success #branding #workhard
Happy Fall from all of us at CRUSH 2.0! . . . #happyfall #fallishere #CRUSHingIt #crushagency2 #firstdayoffall #flashesofdelight #leaves #autumn #happyautumn #gif
Happy Labor Day from CRUSH Agency 2.0! . . . #CRUSHingit #Crushagency2 #laborday #holiday #happylaborday
Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in Texas. Stay strong. . . . #prayfortexas #texasstrong #hurricane #hurricaneharvey #welovetexas #texas #houston #prayforhouston #thinkingofyou #texaslove
We thank those who made the ultimate sacrifice for our freedom. . . . #memorialday #USA #ThankYou #redwhiteandblue
We heart our moms! Happy Mother's Day from the CRUSH Agency! . . . #Mothersday #momlove #TheCRUSHAgency #CrushingIt #holidays #momsrule #love #family #mom #mother
Happy Earth Day from the CRUSH Agency! We all need to do our part in taking care of our awesome planet. . . . #EarthDay #TheCRUSHagency #CRUSHingIt #HappyEarthDay #World #Earth #planet #recycle #environment #care #love
Schedule a FREE 15-minute consultation with us today by visiting our website www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com to discuss your design or consulting needs! Special pricing offered for the month of March.
Strolling through the mall this weekend with my mother we encountered #BlackGirlMagic and #BlackChildEntrepreneurship as @chefjaviascents approached us with soy candle wax melts that she made herself. -  JAvia is a 10 year old child entrepreneur whos owns a natural fragrance business sparked by her love of chemistry and creating concoctions. -  I was AMAZED and so encouraged by her business etiquette and acumen. Her knowledge of her customer base, market reach and brand expansion was on par with most adult entrepreneurs. Chef JAvia is currently located at a kiosk in Hanes Mall in Winston-Salem, NC while seeking to expand into a storefront in the same mall (see her IG for GoFundMe details). She has a website where purchases can be made. I strongly suggest the #BlackGirlMagic Room Spray, and candlewax/candles in Deadly Weapon  4 Leaf Clover  Give Me Life. -  Swipe to hear snippets of my conversation with JAvia today. Support this young entrepreneur with a #purchase and #share.  #BlackExcellence #SheDidThat #SheGotMyLunchMoneyForTheWeek #MoneyWellSpent #UrbanMentor  @euniquejg @becauseofthem @kidfury @thisistheread @shedidthatfilm @webuyblack @blackwall.st @blackgirlsrock
If youre in Ministry Leadership of any capacity, VITAL is where you need to make your way to next Friday & Saturday!  __  Im facilitating a seminar for those seeking innovative marketing solutions for your ministry. Id love to see your face and share with you. Plus, special @thesocialagencyllc offers EXCLUSIVELY for attendees. Contact @thesearethedaughters for registration details.
Efficient Turnaround Times.
CLIENT WORK: OMNoire Live Well, Be Well Print Work (Welcome Sign & Menu shown) @omnoire  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #WebDesign #Branding #BrandManagement
CLIENT WORK: Gods Gift Inc & Broward County Parks & Recreation  Girls Day Out @iamdrciara  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #Branding
Our work speaks for itself, but our CLIENTS satisfaction speaks as well.  #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC #Clients #Testimonial #GraphicDesign #WebDesign #Branding #BrandManagement #Consulting
ISSA SUMMER SALE!!! __  For a limited time, we are offering an EVENT WEB DESIGN Bundle at a one-time payment price of just $250 for a 1-page website and a FREE logo! ___  Go too www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com and complete a New. Client Form under our Clients tab to get started today! ___  Offer expires June 30th, 2019 at midnight. Take advantage of this offer NOW. *See flyer for terms. ___  PORTFOLIO: www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com FOLLOW US on Instagram: @thesocialagencyllc  LIKE US on Facebook: The Social Agency, LLC ___  #webdesign #websitedesign #websitedesigner #blackowned #womanowned #femaleowned #blackownedbusiness #womanownedbusiness #branding #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC
ISSA SUMMER SALE!!! __  For a limited time, we are offering a WEB DESIGN BRANDING BUNDLE at a one-time payment price of just $500 for: a 3-page website, a 30-minute brand consultation with our Lead Consultant, Leonitha Francis and a FREE logo!  ___  Go too www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com and complete a New Client Form under our Clients tab to get started today! __  Offer expires June 15th, 2019 at midnight. Take advantage of this offer NOW. *See flyer for terms. ___  PORTFOLIO: www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com FOLLOW US on IG @thesocialagencyllc  LIKE US on Facebook: The Social Agency, LLC __  #webdesign #graphicdesign #flyerdesign #sale #blackowned #womenowned #blackownedbusiness #womanownedbusiness #branding #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC
ISSA SUMMER SALE!!! __  For a limited time, we are offering 2 FLYERS at a one-time payment price of just $60! ___  Go too www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com and complete a New Client Form under our Clients tab to get started today! __  Offer expires June 15th, 2019 at midnight. Take advantage of this offer NOW. *See flyer for terms. ___  PORTFOLIO: www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com FOLLOW US on IG @thesocialagencyllc  LIKE US on Facebook: The Social Agency, LLC __  #graphicdesign #flyerdesign #sale #blackowned #womenowned #blackownedbusiness #womanownedbusiness #branding #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC
NEW MUSIC ALERT: Debut single RECEIVE IT from my lil sis (& client) @briamcdaniel!!! _  Available on all digital music platforms. DOWNLOAD NOW!  _  #ReceiveIt #BriaMcDaniel #DebutSingle #Debut #single #Music #gospel #contemporary #worship #TheSocialAgencyLLC
CLIENT WORK: Bria McDaniel & Barci Music @BriaMcDaniel  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #WebsiteDesign #Branding #TalentManagement #SocialMediaManagement #ContentCuration
CLIENT WORK: Bria McDaniel & Barci Music @BriaMcDaniel  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #WebsiteDesign #Branding #TalentManagement
CLIENT WORK: Gods United House Youth Ministry Event Tickets & Flyer #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #Branding #Events
CLIENT WORK: These Are The Daughters Ministry & Rev. Dr. MarQuerita Story  @thesearethedaughters  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: These Are The Daughters Ministry & Rev. Dr. MarQuerita Story  @thesearethedaughters  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: McNeill Consulting Firm  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: These Are The Daughters Ministry & Rev. Dr. MarQuerita Story  @thesearethedaughters  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #GraphicDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: Coach K @beingleah  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
WEDNESDAY is your LAST day to secure these special holiday rates!! Get a head start on your 2019 goals & take advantage of our Holiday Sale today. Let's work together on your next website/logo.  Schedule your 15-minute consultation today at www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com
Support @urban.mentor. See their profile for details.
Support @urban.mentor. See their profile for details.
CLIENT WORK: Fit4Lyfe Website with online booking and membership plans.
CLIENT WORK: Black Money Moves Logo @black.money.moves  #Logo #LogoDesign #Branding #BrandStrategy #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC
CLIENT WORK: Helens Health & Healing Womens Wellness Weekend 2019 Retreat Registration Website _  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: Be The Difference Campaign  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: Coach K @coachtutein  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding #BeforeAfter #Before #After
CLIENT WORK: Crown Your Beauty @crwnyourbeauty  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: Urban Mentor @urban.mentor  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: KAT Team Foundation @katteamscholar  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding
CLIENT WORK: New Dayspring Missionary Baptist Church  #TheSocialAgency #TSALLC #WebsiteDesign #Branding #BeforeAfter #Before #After
We have a N E W online home. Check out our N E W website at www.TheSocialAgencyLLC.com [LINK IN BIO]
Our most recent client, @katteamscholar, has partnered with @gopledgeit and @thereedfoundation to raise funds for Autism and higher education opportunities for student athletes.  Visit www.KATTEAM.org to learn how you can participate.  #KATTeam #KATTeamScholar #PledgeIt #TheReedFoundation #Branding #WebDesign #LogoDesign #Strategy #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC #SmallBusiness #BlackOwned #BlackOwnedBusiness
Allllll of our love, our peace and happiness.... comes from #ADifferentWorld. We LOVE our client,  @odetoadifferentworld for always supplying nostalgic nalia from the Cultures favorite  institution, Hillman College. Take advantage of their Holiday Sale today! @odetoadifferentworld @odetoadifferentworld #SupportSmallBusiness #BuyBlack #BigSisterGorgeousOne #TheBoldTheBrave #WomenOfGilbertHall #MenOfMatthews
Keep pushing, Entrepreneur. Its not for everybody. Let us be there for you with all your branding and strategy needs. #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC #SmallBusiness #Branding #strategy #marketing #websitedesign #graphics
Join our Principal Lead this Wednesday for intimate conversation amongst DMV Millennial Influencers with @nbtmovement for #NBTTalks in DC.
Let @thesocialagencyllc help you build and brand yours. #TheSocialAgencyLLC
"Can I pick your brain?"  No, you may not!  How do you handle this?? #TSALLC #TheSocialAgencyLLC #branding #smallbusiness #blackowned #strategy
Our CEO will be in attendance. Along with other DMV influencers. #CapitolGala
FIND OUR MISSING GIRLS THE SAME WAY THE FBI FOUND A MISSING, SWEATY FOOTBALL JERSEY! Whether they have been abducted, kidnapped or are actual runaways, the conversation should be HOW are we going to find them and WHAT will we do to protect our Village?! The follow-up conversations should be WHAT circumstances trigger the runaways or the enticement to what bait is being used to allure our youth? HOW  do we equip our youth to find answers and resources from trusted sources in our communities?!   Those that are actually running away are fleeing a multiplicity of issues but have no safe haven to turn to. With media and entertainment praising the stripper turn Instagram boutique mogul/model to celebrity baby mother pipeline, sadly some of these girls are willing to take that risk just to escape whatever they're presently in.   In the heightened concern for this travesty, let us not forget to ponder what is on the table for these predators that's driving this sick epidemic? They're not doing this for sole perversion, someone or something is pulling the puppet strings.   Connect with your local organizations and/or youth ministries and figure out how we can restore our community of villagers who collectively raised us. Let's push beyond our immediate comfort and be bold, courageous and selfless enough to invest in the life (lives) of those coming behind us. It just takes ONE to #BeTheDifference.  #BeTheDifference #ItOnlyTakesOne #Mentorship #UrbanMentorship #Mentor #YouthLeader #Youth #DCYouth #ProtectBlackYouth #FindOurGirls #NationalCrisis #BlackLivesMatter #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC
Link in Bio. #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC
Branding | Project Management | Business-to-Business Services  www.SocialAgencyLLC.com #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC
What are they saying about you? www.SocialAgencyLLC.com
#FridayFreebie Comment your PASSION and we'll respond via DM with one idea to make it profitable.  #TheSocialAgencyLLC #Branding #TSALLC #Strategy #BuildYourBrand #PassionToProfit #passion #profit #plan
WEAR YOUR BRAND. People have to see a logo/image up to 7 times before its committed to memory. | Schedule a consultation today  Contact@SocialAgencyLLC.com #FridayFreebie #Branding #BuildYourBrand #Strategy #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC
#FridayFreebie Comment your PASSION and we'll respond via DM with one idea to make it profitable.  #TheSocialAgencyLLC #Branding #TSALLC #Strategy #BuildYourBrand #PassionToProfit #passion #profit #plan
What's ONE thing stopping you from being "ready"? #TheSocialAgencyLLC #Branding #Strategy #Consulting #Business2Business #Solutions #TSALLC
It's a marathon, not a sprint. It's not about speed, but endurance.
COMING SOON! We're so excited about our 2016 plans. Email us to plan your 2016 branding strategy at CONTACT@SocialAgencyLLC.com #branding #strategy #TheSocialAgencyLLC #TSALLC #Business2Business #B2B #brand #marketing #promotion #plan #strategize
Get the goods to go! #freddysdrivethru #ilovefreddys : @theduesterfive
Did you know you can order any steakburger as a lettuce wrap?! We're still here for you in the drive-thru! #lettucewrap : @ohhappyketo
As our nation and the world rally to slow the spread of COVID-19, Freddys remains committed to the health and well-being of our Team Members and Guests. Beginning Wednesday, March 18, we will close our dining rooms at corporate-owned locations, focusing all Team Member activity on the quality, accuracy, and speed of our drive-thru, to serve you The Freddys Way. Our two corporate locations without drive-thru service will offer carry-out service only.  While understanding the needs of their local communities, a large number of our franchisees and operators have already chosen to follow the guidance of the CDC and local health officials by closing their dining areas, and we encourage all franchisees to adopt similar operational procedures at this time. Please be patient with our teams as they manage through these unique times. Hours may fluctuate and delivery remains available in select areas, so please check with your local Freddys to confirm todays hours of operation.
It's fry o'clock somewhere.  : @tastefullytrue
Did you know Freddys was named as one of the top family-friendly restaurants of 2019 in a survey of millennials by Restaurant Business? We are honored by this recognition from our loyal #FredHeads! #familyfriendly : @wyndot
A FredHead's favorite sight! : @dev_kev.eats
When they call your order number at Freddy's. #BestFeeling : @grettart
Like if this picture is making you hungry. #AllBeefChili #ViennaBeef : @restaurant_archive
Hot fudge, that frozen custard looks amazing. 
Fish & Chips Basket - available for a limited time at participating locations!
Shake it up, baby! : @mdesign.eats
Double tap if you need this chicken sandwich right now. #Need : @andrewghaines
If you give a dog a #pupcup, they're going to want to lick the bowl clean!  : @stella_chihuahuavibe
An extra order of fries never hurts. #FriesForDays : @adventuresinmascara
When you've been looking forward to Freddy's all day... #burgertime : @radi0rulz
Celebrating #NationalChiliDay the best way we know how! #AllBeefChili
Introducing the Peanut Butter Fudge Crunch Concrete! Creamy vanilla custard blended with crunchy waffle cone, decadent fudge, and smooth peanut butter, topped with whipped cream and peanut butter cup crumbles. Available for a limited time at participating Freddys locations. #ilovefreddys #reeses
Hot dog, hot dog, hot diggity dog!  #viennabeef : @1903_hog
Happy 95th Birthday, Freddy! Celebrate with us by enjoying 95 frozen custard! #happybdayfreddy
The perfect picture doesn't exi- #ItDoesExist #ThisIsIt : @carigrrl_tx
Freddy's views. : @sangkyun_w
That pickle plank though... : @r.mqz
Love language? Freddy's. #HappyValentinesDay
Tag all of your #Galentines who need this in their life! #ilovefreddys
Love is in the Freddy's air! : @bryanalikes
Keep calm & eat a steakburger. #bestadvice #ilovefreddys : @cardo9877
 : @cesar_saldivarr
   : @kccheeses
We found Waldo. He's been at Freddy's this whole time! #WheresWaldo #Freddys : @whitdowns
It's Fry-day, Fry-day : @mark_lieberman
Hawaiian dreamin'! #HawaiianDelightSundae
Two steakburger patties, grilled onion, and Swiss cheese, all served on toasted rye bread. #PattyMelt #YesPlease : @lovemesomefood_4ever8
Here for the cheese fries : @hannah_edlin
Crispy and seasoned, these tasty chicken tenders come in baskets of three or five and pair well with any of our delicious sauces! #ilovefreddys : @the_healthy_diva
Post-salty sweets   #WaffleConeLife
A celebration meal for making it through January.  : @fatboypup
Friday calls for rainbow sprinkles!
Chicago Dog, but make it Freddys style. #freddys #viennabeef : @eatcorpuschristi
Eyes on the prize.  #frozencustard : @laurenlaudermilk
Twinning. #ilovefreddys : @thephachanh_gamc
We think it's time for a scoop of pure heaven. #frozencustard #need
Get you a steakburger that can do it all 
A little girl with a big Freddy's appetite! #nomnomnom : @jmmac213
BRB gotta run to Freddy's!  : @abqworthit
Sundae on a Thursday. #frozencustard : @milkwithnosugar
Yes, this will do.  #ilovefreddys : @dinewithsinta
*checks to make sure no one sees you eating dessert first* : @bristolnicole
Speechless  : @805foodplates
Swipe for cuteness. #pupcup #ilovefreddys : @papgangok
It's called balance! #ilovefreddys : @blissedoutb
We are open daily and committed to supporting our customers and team members through these unprecedented times with healthy, affordable foods and products to promote wellness. Our team members take great pride in serving the community surrounding our stores and are doing everything they can to maintain well-stocked shelves for you and your family.   For more information, please click the link in our bio.
Have your greens and drink them, too! This ultimate green smoothie packs a nutritional punch with eight servings of greens, healthy fats, fresh ginger and @veg_tea Vega One Nutritional Shake.  Recipe linked in bio.
When avocados meet sweet potatoes for breakfast   Head over to @what_mollymade for the recipe!
Boost your immune system, naturally! Use elderberry syrup to mix up this bold, flavorful elixir packed with antioxidants and loaded with vitamins A and C.  : @diningwithdiana  Recipe linked in bio.
Refresh your morning toast with some crisp, cool cucumber and dill   Head over to @hannah.guthman for the recipe!
Have your #keto dessert and eat it tooin just 60 seconds!                : @bonappeteach
You can almost taste the coconut and key lime from here! #celebratecitrus  : @glorioustreats  Recipe linked in bio.
#MeatlessMonday made easy! Happening nowget 20% off* everything frozen including plant-based proteins. #frozenfrenzy  *current price in effect and location restrictions apply  : @savoryspin   Recipe linked in bio.
Enjoy bright leafy greens and vibrant spaghetti squash in this colorful seafood dish   Head over to @fitnhealthy_ for the recipe!
Give yourself a little extra boost with these quick and easy banana chocolate chip protein bites   Head over to @eatprettydarling for the recipe!
Frozen just got a whole lot cooler ... with @vanleeuwenicecream #vegan ice cream and more   Happening now, stock up and save 20%* on everything frozen. *off current price in effect  : @lindseyleeandtheboys
When life gives you Meyer Lemons, make __________#celebratecitrus
Take your toast to the next level with cilantro-lime chickpeas! Head over to @bluehousekitchendc for the recipe.
Add some color to your plate with this vibrant and fresh Salted Honey Citrus Salad  #celebratecitrus  : @witandvinegar   Recipe linked in bio.
Treat yourself to a delicious slice of Peanut Butter Banana Toast in celebration of #nationalpeanutbutterloversday    : @fitnhealthy_
Serve up this delightful drink made with our favorite seasonal citrus  Blood Orange Mocktail Mule #celebratecitrus  : @speckledpalate   Recipe linked in bio.
Fish Friday, weve got you covered! Enjoy these tasty tacos topped with Cara Cara orange salsa for a zesty twist   Dont forget to join us for our Seafood Showcase now through March 1 at your neighborhood Sprouts! Specialty & seasonal selections while supplies last. Selections vary by store. #celebratecitrus  : @nnc_tableforone  Recipe linked in bio.
Buffalo wings meet cauliflower pizza for a tasty #glutenfree meal   Recipe linked in bio.
The perfectly seasoned #vegan snack   Head over to @joyfoodsunshine for this Roasted Chickpea recipe!
Keep an eye out for these hot new items for a little extra boost to your brain and mood 
Carrot cake for breakfast, yes way! Try this easy and delicious oatmeal rich in fiber and heart-healthy ingredients   : @krolls_korner  Recipe linked in bio.
Squeeze the day  #foodpunfun
Sweet potato salmon cakesperfect for snacking or a quick and easy weeknight #paleo meal.  Head over to @onelovelylife1 for the recipe!
Your grown-up version of breakfast toast, topped with fresh blood oranges and a spread of ricotta   Head over to @brandiego for the recipe!
Weeknight made-easy with these tasty turkey-stuffed peppers  Head over to @easyhealthyrecipesblog for the recipe.
Don't let the winter blues bring you down ... give yourself a little extra boost to stay energized and feeling well.  : @tampa.foods
Satisfy your comfort food cravings with this easy one-pot meal  Rosemary Salmon with Sauted Kale & Peppers   : @beautifuleatsandthings  Recipe linked in bio.
Turnip the beet  #foodpunfun
Scoop into this nutrient-rich (and pooch approved) smoothie bowl from @anniehsieh_
Just in time for #valentinesday   Silky, sweet, satisfying chocolates with a balance of healthy fats and protein? Yes, way!
 yourself and the food you eat!  : @crepesandbows
Name your favorite topping in this beautiful bowl of greens   : @foodiesandrecipes
Veggin' out mid-week with this caprese salad from the @littlespicejar 
When you're healthy from your head to your toes   : @beautifuleatsandthings
Pump up the protein with nutritious (and delicious) #paleo pancakes topped with fresh strawberries   : @thehealthmason
You had us at Health-ade! Give your gut what it needs and keep your belly feeling well.  : @whatstrawberryeats
Boost your daily dose of antioxidants with this beautiful bowl of #organic greens, topped with fresh blueberries, apples, goat cheese and pecans!   : @milknhoneynutrition  Recipe linked in bio.
Simply irre-zest-able #foodpunfun
When your citrus salad is (almost) too pretty to eat! Head over to @the_bojon_gourmet for the recipe 
Treat yourself to a soothing bath to relax your mind, body and soul   : @abubblylife
Pitaya toast with a drizzle of honey makes me ______.  : @milknhoneynutrition 
Anything to get your favorite shopping buddy to tag along    : @styledinmotherhood
Need a little breakfast refresh? These #glutenfree overnight raspberry chia seed oats will do the trick! See recipe below.  : @morganelizabeth__health  2 cups gluten-free oats 2 tablespoons chia seeds 2  cups nut milk 1 tablespoon pure maple syrup 1 cup frozen raspberries  Mix together in a large bowl and transfer to mason jars.
Ready for game day? Keep your health goals going with this bright and beautiful bowl of beet hummus.  Head over to @fooduzzi for the recipe.
Get gameday ready with this tasty #paleo guacamole topped with crispy bacon   : @40aprons  Recipe linked in bio.
Artichoke prep made easy, thanks to @savoryspin   Recipe linked in bio.
Eat your greens and citrus, too! See recipe below from @onelovelylife1  Ingredients 2 cups fresh pineapple, diced 1/2 ripe banana 1 1/2  2 cups spinach 1 cup orange juice 1/2 tsp. vanilla extract 2 scoops collagen protein  Directions 1. Place all ingredients in the blender in the order listedpineapple, banana, spinach, orange juice, vanilla, and collagen. 2. Cover and blend until completely smooth, adding a few tablespoons of water as needed to help it blend. 3. Pour into glasses and serve!
Mornings were made for matcha collagen lattes   : @thehealthmason
 When your meal prep is (almost) too pretty to eat.  : @snixykitchen
Every day is a good day to shop organic! What's your favorite #organic fruit or veggie? (Yes, you can say all of them.)  : @lindsey_heath
Still got her po-tay fix at home @lauren.justice
Through the end of March. Any questions?   $10 min/$200 max, excl. tax. 3/15/20-3/31/20 only (subject to extension/cancellation). Additional terms apply: chipotle.com/freedelivery.
Just gotta make sure its on the way
We meet again.
Thanks everyone he just quit
You know we had to do it to em
Happy Employee Appreciation Day!
Dammit Timmy
Look, its a good order.
Queso Blanco. Its here and its actually good.
CEO of i got you
Nana always goin the extra mile
*chefs kiss emoji*
Help spread the word, please share.
In the @tiktok black hole again
Thoughts on the rebrand?
All is forgiven.
See you at 3am
Lens is live in stories. If you get borrows Tabasco were calling the police.
Youre gonna need a water cup for this one
A dog would never @nathanthecatlady
 New Lifestyle Bowls are here, in-app and online  Tag a Keto, Whole30, Paleo or Vegan friend who needs to know.
Share this post to spread the message and well donate $1 for each share today to support the next generation of @youngfarmers, up to $250,000 
A few favorites from 2019. Thanks for a wild year 
Bet you wont reply.
Buoyyyyy
ily
Were offering FREE delivery  no matter what you got delivered: gifts, mattresses, even babies. Check our Twitter. @frickhardt check your venmo. . Terms: chipotle.com/freedeliverybowl . NO CHIPOTLE PURCHASE NECESSARY. Open to 50 U.S. 18+. Enter: 12/18-1/1. Max. reimbursement: $599. See Official Rules: chip.tl/fdi.
Where is this??
Holiday EXTRAvaganza is a wrap. Seasons eatings, everybody  . . OFFER AVAILABLE WHILE SUPPLIES LAST. Redemption codes available up to the stated limit to first participants who send their text. Must be 13 or older.Redemption codes valid only for digital orders from participating Chipotle restaurants in the United States. Menu items subject to availability. Limit 1 redemption code per mobile number. Redemption code expires December 31, 2019. May not be used with other coupons, promotions, or special offers. Void if reproduced, altered, or shared and where prohibited. Will not be replaced if lost or stolen. Not redeemable for cash. Additional restrictions apply, see terms and conditions at: chipotle.com/holidayextravaganza.
Real food needs real farms and real farms need real help. So today the Chipotle Cultivate Foundation is donating $1 from every entre ordered on our app or chipotle.com to @youngfarmers. Learn more about our commitment to supporting the next generation of farmers at the link in bio.
In conclusion, we do not sell hot dogs.
I do... cater.
Hi! -Alex
Listen good
Get it together people
Big yikes
Happy Friday everyone! Comic credit: @collegehumor
It me, minus the abs
Correct answer: not enough
Order a veggie bowl and it will be 
Its not me, its you.
Hey  Were expanding mental health access to all of our employees. This means that in 2020, free personalized assistance and emotional support through in-person, phone, or virtual visits with a licensed mental health professional will be offered to all members of our Chipotle family.
*@barbie has entered the chat*
Tomorrow. 3pm to close. . . .  In-restaurant orders only; excludes online, mobile, catering and delivery orders. Limit one per person; must be in costume to qualify. Tax not included. Valid in US/Canada. Addtl restrictions apply; void where prohibited. Details: chip.tl/boo.
Just because you can doesnt mean you should
Great flipping news. Were offering debt-free degrees for all employees. That means we'll cover 100% of tuition costs up front for any member of our teams interested in pursuing a business or technology degree.
Lock him down, stat.
 goodest boy alert 
I am guacamole and guacamole am I.
To keep updated on the latest, click the link in our bio.
McWho?
Its literally called the Breakfast Baconator.
History in the making.
Serving Ws for breakfast.
Oof. We've got 6 days till March 2nd. Seems excessive but hey, you're the King.
Baconator. For. Breakfast. How could you NOT want in on this?
No shame.
#WendysBreakfast is coming on 3/2. This is former McDonalds Chef @Mike_Haracz. Hes about to learn why were stacking bacon six strips high on the Breakfast Baconator.
Whoops.
Just chillin at our mountainside B&B at the #xgames. Living that #blessed life.
Crispy.
Once you get it, its over.
When you tasty and you know it.
Humans only pls.
\_()_/
Bean.
Dont you let anyone tell you otherwise.
Were a freaking winter wonderland. (sound on)
Name the song.
Gotta be SPICY to light our fire. Link to full video in bio.
Flexin
A mood.
Feeling fresh, might delete later.
Truer words have never been spoken.
If you know, you know.
Theres many Mortys but only one serves up spicy nuggets. Thats right, theres a Wendy Morty out there. Let us know when you find her. . . You gotta check the entire multiverse, so click our profile and check the grid to find Wendy Morty.
Were you about to scroll by without trying to find Wendy Morty? Shame on you. Restore your honor by finding her. Let us know when you do. . . You gotta check the entire multiverse, so click our profile and check the grid to find Wendy Morty.
Somewhere out there is the Wendy-est Morty. Let us know when you find her. . . You gotta check the entire multiverse, so click our profile and check the grid to find Wendy Morty.
Can you find Wendy Morty? She looks exactly like what you just imagine when you read Wendy Morty. Let us know when you find her. . . You gotta check the entire multiverse, so click our profile and check the grid to find Wendy Morty.
Looking for Wendy Morty? Shes totally not in this one. So keep looking. But if you do happen to find her, let us know. . . You gotta check the entire multiverse, so click our profile and check the grid to find Wendy Morty.
Theres a Wendy Morty guys. Tell us when you find her. The ball is in your multiverse. . . You gotta check the entire #adultswim multiverse, so click our profile and check the grid to find Wendy Morty.
So were just gonna bring you a birthday gift on our birthday to our birthday party on our birthday with a birthday gift. We turn 50 this month and want to celebrate. 
Where is the square hamburger emoji when you need it?
2 for $5 > Rent
Wheres the lie?
Them: Whats your favorite number?  Us:
*Checks Camera Roll*
After review, the ruling that Wendys is the  still stands.
Epic Gamer moment. Play our new @GIPHY Arcade Games  Link in bio.
Do it for the gram.
Period.
Join the fight against the dark art of frozen beef. Our first tabletop RPG, #FeastOfLegends, is officially live! Download now for FREE: feastoflegends.com
The Realm needs heroes. 10.3.19
Were on a boat
Choose your fighter. 1, 2 or 3?
Anyone elses car do this? Asking for a friend.
Even your elementary school teacher agrees.
Queen of Spice and thats not up for debate. 
6/6 "Im sharing my #lushshowandtell when Im coming back home at night from hospital. Cuddles with my dogs and sleepy lotion. Perfect for relaxation."- @lush_mtl  That's all for now, Lushies. Be sure to tune in again next week and for a chance to be featured, tag us and use #LushShowAndTell. 
5/6 "Lush Cosmetics is asking us #firstlooklushies what in our lives is bringing us joy in these unsettling times. While motherhood can be exhausting at times, there is nothing else that brings as much joy and love in my life right now than moments like these with my baby fox. Holding him close, making him giggle, and showering him with kisses brings me some much needed normalcy.  He gives me a break from this craziness and makes me forget what else is going on in the world while I soak in these moments. The days are long but the years are short " - @afoxintheflowers 
4/6 "This is a stressful time for all of us where most of our news feeds are filled with fearful, scary things. Lush Cosmetics has come up with a hashtag (the one I used above) so that you can share something that makes you happy during this crazy pandemic.  So heres a few things that make me happy: my cats, face masks, reading about all the animals roaming freely around isolated towns, paperback books, face time calls with friends to keep me in touch with reality, walks around my neighborhood so that I can feel the sunshine on my skin, bubble baths to drown my sorrows, quality time spent with my boyfriend watching movies and laughing about all of the crazy memes weve seen lately, the entire circles album (I love u @macmiller) and last but not least.. all of you! thank you for checking on me, updating me with your routines to fight this battle and keeping things light and fun. Im so grateful for this life and am 10x more appreciative of my normal routines now more than ever. Please pass this on & play along. I know we could all really use a little cheering up right now.  " - @waaaylush 
3/6 "Hey all - I hope everyone is staying safe. As some of you know, I am a teacher. And with all this Covid19, I will now be teaching my 2nd graders through distant learning. Im having a really hard time with it. That said, this is my sweet baby girl. She is 10 months old now and brings me so much joy. Ive held her and cried many times this week... but when she looks at me and smiles or laughs, she brightens my mood. In this crazy world we are living in we all need to look at the positives." - @babealushious 
2/6 "Lush Cosmetics, in uncertain times I find peace and joy in family and cuddling my grandbabies. I also like to keep in mind that Life escapes all barriers. Life breaks free. Life expands to new territories. Life finds a way. - @laredolushies 
Introducing: #LushShowAndTell a chance to showcase moments of happiness from within our community.   1/6 "My favorite part of my routine right now are our weekend family brunches. My husband and I were always out and about before and it was fun but it was so hectic especially with a baby. Because weve chosen to practice social distancing, weve had a lot more time to slow down and recreate our favorite activities at home with our immediate family. I love being able to truly relax and enjoy ourselves, especially when my Mom comes over. I live for the small moments our daughter has with her. Kids grow so quickly so being able to catch these little things means the most to me. - @featherandarrow  
All soap is great for getting rid of grime and dirt, but did you know certain ingredients are powerhouses when it comes to getting you super clean?    Click our link in bio for the perfect soap to get you squeaky-clean.
We cant help but feel unsettled by all the news right now. With updates that friends, families and communities are being impacted by the coronavirus, we wanted to find a way to spread kindness and foster community in a time that feels overwhelmingly isolated.  Starting today, well be introducing Lush Good Feels, episodes that feature Sabine from our Social team every Thursday. Shell be coming at you with ways shes finding moments of happiness in light of Covid-19, and engaging with our community to hopefully bring you some good feels, too.
Soap Myth #1: Bar soap is dirty  If youre worried about bacterial buildup on your soap, youre not alone.  Its a common misconception that the dirt gets trapped on the surface of soap.   This is actually not true. In fact, when you wash with soap, it lifts away impurities so theyre easier to rinse off. Just be sure to rinse the bar and store it in a dry draining dish when youre done.   Any other soap myths youd like us to bust? Head to our link in bio for more info.
Though our shops remain closed until March 29, we wanted to make it easier for you to get your hands on essential products to keep your body clean and mind calm.   Through April 30, please enjoy free shipping on all ground orders over $40. If you dont see what you want in stock, please continue to check back. Were refilling our digital shelves as quickly as we can.   Head to our link in bio for more info.
To our dearest Lushies,  Given what we know today, we believe its our duty as an ethical business to do what we can to slow the spread of this virus and minimize the impact on our hardworking healthcare professionals. As such, we have decided to temporarily close all 258 Lush retail stores across Canada and the US from March 16 - 29. We are working through how we can best support our employees through these changes, ensuring regular pay for all staff during this period.   These are trying times for all, and we thank you for your continued support. Please know that you can still find us on social, email, and our website, trying to brighten your day any way that we can.  For more information, please head to our link in bio.  - Your Lush Team
Did you know that soap molecules act like magnets?    One half of the molecule is hydrophobic, which repels water and attaches itself to the oils on the skin. The other half is hydrophilic and binds to water. This leaves the dirt suspended, allowing it to be rinsed off easily.   Regularly washing your hands is an important step you can take to keep yourself, and those around you, safe.  Head to our link in bio to learn more. 
My life is and was in danger in my country because of the discrimination, homophobic and transphobic crimes. I believe were more vulnerable in my country, especially since were Maya Kekchi or Maya Garifuna people. And thats why Im here, thats why I had to flee my country, because my life was in danger.   If someone is seeking shelter, asylum, and their life is in danger My life or anybody elses There are a lot of people looking for a new beginning, a new future, where theres peace and happiness, love."  - Angela, after being detained in the United States for 3 months upon arrival, is awaiting a decision on her asylum petition after 6 years.   To support organizations that build local power, and to reform or dismantle federal and state agencies that raid and deport members of our communities, head to our link in bio now to shop our Mi Casa Es Tu Casa Soap.
Lushies, can you handle this?   We don't think you're ready for this jelly but our limited-edition toothpaste jellies are coming 03/13/2020    Click our link in bio for a sneak peek.
At Lush, we believe that all people should enjoy the freedom of movement across the world, and we are committed to ensuring our shops are safe and secure for all. As such we will not allow Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to enter any of our US Lush locations, should they attempt to enter with the intent to apprehend someone. In doing so, we are sending a message that we will not comply with the agencys mandate and mission, but rather stand with the 11.3 million undocumented members of our community.  Take action and shop our Mi Casa Es Tu Casa Soap via our link in bio.
Mi Casa Es Tu Casa This is more than just soap, its a movement!  "I am a proud daughter and granddaughter of immigrants and this is a campaign that hits home! My mother became a United States Citizen over 30 years ago but came to the US as a child. Shes dealt with racism her whole life. As a Mexican American (born here) I experience and witness racism almost daily. I know tons of dreamers, and immigrant families being destroyed by ICE. Do you?  This limited-edition product will retail for $6.95 and 100% of the purchase price (minus taxes) will go directly to fund the work of grassroots organizations working on the front lines to defend the safety and dignity of migrants.   WHAT IS LUSH DOING ABOUT IT? As part of their commitment to safety and dignity for all, Lush Cosmetics worked with undocumented visual artist Justin Nguyen @justjustinnguyen from Vietnam to create an Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) Free Zone sticker that will be displayed in all their stores, declaring that they will refuse to allow ICE permission to enter these designated safe spaces. In doing so, Lush is sending a message that they will not comply with the agencys mandate and mission, but rather that they stand with 11.3 million undocumented members of our community. They are affirming safe spaces for all and supporting those that are currently targeted by cruel policies.   WHY DOES IT MATTER? Since 2016, 24 migrants have died in ICE custody, and under the Zero Tolerance policy, 2,654 children were separated from their parents by the federal government. Whats more, since 1986, the United States has spent $263 billion on border enforcement, including $8.43 million a day on immigrant detention." - @sccastaneda  campaign partners:  @conmijente, @communitychange, @unitedwedream  organizations fighting for migrant justice:  @siembranc, @nomoredeaths_nomasmuertes, @colibricenterforhumanrights    @sccastaneda
Mijente is a national membership organization that is pro-Latinx, pro-Black, pro-woman, pro-climate, pro-queer and pro-worker. @conmijente seeks to strengthen and increase the participation of Latinx people in the broader movements for racial, economic, climate and gender justice through political, digital and advocacy work. Through #NoTechforICE, they're organizing to stop the war on immigrants fueled by tech companies like Palantir. Their most recent campaign #FueraTrump will mobilize Latinos against Trump in the critical 2020 elections.   Click our link in bio to learn how you can participate in the movement for justice and self-determination for all people.
Which character would you gift to help your BFF tackle the Monday-est Monday of 2020? Choose one and tag them below.  Character #1: Pansy Gift Set  Perfect for the fragrance lover in your life, this gift is filled to the brim with warming citrusy florals in a perfume, lotion and body wash.  Character #2: Dirty Gift Set  The perfect all-in-one grooming kit for those who really want to clean up their act and smell fresh and clean.  Tap to shop our two latest additions to the fragrance family.
Come in and wash your hands for free.    Now more than ever, global health authorities are reiterating the importance of consistent and thorough handwashing. As a company that cares deeply about protecting all people, we are offering handwashing at all of our 250 stores across the U.S. and Canada, with absolutely no obligation to buy.   Regularly washing hands with soap and water is one of the best defences against spreading germsand were keen to do our bit to help keep the public clean across North America.   Ready to wash up? Head to our link in bio to find the closest Lush near you. 
Today is #InternationalWomensDay a chance to reflect on the strength, courage and compassion that is expemplifed by womxn across the world, including Victoria. The reason why I decided to come to this country was mainly because my daughter was kidnapped. I came to this country to escape. I didnt have another option. I had to be here even if I didnt want to be. And that is the reason I am here.   I am here with what I love the most. My daughters. And because of everything Ive been through Ive learned that you have to give up. And that if you want to accomplish something you can do it.   - Victoria's asylum case, after 23 years in the United States, is finally under consideration   Watch our short documentary, Freedom for All: Undocumented in the United States, which explores what it means to be living without documentation in the U.S. in 2020, and the wildly different reasons people end up in this situation. Link in bio.
Can you knot?   Click our link in bio to learn three easy wrapping techniques.
Demand permanent immigration solutions with us. Tag three friends to take action with you in the comments.   Head to our link in bio to take action now.  
The power of Ultraplant as told by @lushienewbies525: "I used #UltraPlant and  it. The smell of jasmine is an instant mood booster, the texture has a bit of grit to it & offers gentle exfoliation. Melts away makeup in one swipe. The results; clean, smooth refreshed skin." We asked and you answered. We put the call out on social media for honest reviews of our favorite vegan cleanser and we were ultra-impressed. Check out a few of them in our stories today   Want to experience this ultra-clean, ultra-green cleanser for yourself? Click our link in bio to shop Ultraplant now.
My parents did not tell me until when I was a senior in high school when I was trying to apply for colleges. It was difficult because all my peers were excited about going to a new city, a new state, going to different things that they wanted to do. But I had to keep questioning my parents, "Why cant I do this? Why can't I do that?" When they finally told me the truth, "You're undocumented so you cannot do anything", it was very disheartening. Because I felt like I couldnt do anything.   We deserve citizenship for all because as a human being there is no border on this Earth, and this is our home. The Earth is home, and not just US, not just South America, North America, just anywhere we go is our home and we deserve this right, citizenship for all, because its our human rights.   - Christine, one of the 10% of Korean Americans with no pathway to citizenship   Watch our short documentary, Freedom for All: Undocumented in the United States, which explores what it means to be living without documentation in the U.S. in 2020, and the wildly different reasons people end up in this situation. Link in bio.
Physical border walls dont exist in nature. The negative impact on wildlife from these physical barriers has big consequences for all of us.  The land from the Gulf of Mexico to the Pacific Ocean is one of North Americas most diverse landscapes. The southern border wall bisects this geographical range and harms 62 critically endangered species. It further separates wildlife from 50% of their territorial range, impacting their survival by shrinking areas of available food, water and potential mates. Additionally, the construction of the border wall is exempt from existing federal environmental laws.  Today, there are 25 million acres of protected US public lands within 100 miles of this line. That includes six wildlife refuges, six national parks, along with many tribal lands, wilderness areas and conservation areas. And all of these spaces are managed by various federal agencies and tribal governments.  Thats why today, on #WorldWildlifeDay, we want to highlight the work of Friends of Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge. The refuge is located on 118,000 acres of natural landscape located in southern Arizona, and is a sanctuary to many plants and animals. They are one of the many groups dedicated to fighting for the preservation and perpetuation of wildlife in this land which is currently being threatened by the border wall.  Click the link in bio to learn more about how you can support this vital group and their important work on #WorldWildlifeDay and the rest of the year.   Photo from Friends of Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge.
Mi Casa Es Tu Casa, or My House is Your House in English, is a phrase of inclusion, welcome and compassion. 100% of the purchase price of our Mi Casa Es Tu Casa Soap (minus tax) will support organizations working for permanent immigration solutions, including @conmijente, @unitedwedream and @communitychange.   To shop our Mi Casa Es Tu Casa Soap and take action, head to our link in bio.
Communities are built by the people who live in them.  Together, we can free our communities and demand permanent immigration solutions that ensure safety for all.  Watch our short documentary, Freedom for All: Undocumented in the United States, about five fearless people who agreed to share their journey of migration and the pursuit of a better life.  Produced in collaboration with director Armando Ibaez, a Latinx queer filmmaker and activist from Mexico. He has been living in the United States for over 16 years and currently resides in the state of California.  Watch these powerful stories now: http://bit.ly/2TrZ3lF  Director: @elpeordelmundo  #FreeToMove #FreeToStay
At Lush, we believe all people should enjoy freedom of movement across the world.  The conversation starts 7am PST tomorrow: http://bit.ly/2PA46PX  #FreeToMove #FreeToStay
For Black History Month this year, we looked toward the future. 30 million Black voters in the United States are eligible to vote this year, and many will demand change from their government.   We know that now is a time unlike any other. That's why we worked with groups like POC Momentum Training, the Alabama Institute for Social Justice and Black Trans Media. We took the opportunity to make Black History Month a space to raise awareness, share information and educate on the facts to promote and celebrate Black history. And to support Black voters and empower them to shift the numbers and demand lawmakers guarantee equality and civil rights for everyone.   Click our link in bio to learn more.  #WeAreThe30Million
"The pressed conditioner is way better than the bar conditioners. It felt so smooth going through my hair like a liquid conditioner."- Courtney Tulsa, Oklahoma   Loved American Cream? We've whipped up three new hair conditioners. After shampooing, rub them through wet hands to create a conditioning cream or work straight onto wet hair for even more concentrated moisture. It'll leave hair feeling soft and smooth with a healthy shine.  Tap to shop pressed.
Nikki DeMarco is one of our own. She's a Lush Store Manager at Yorkdale Mall in Toronto, Ontario and a fierce advocate for Black History Month. Nikki chose to share with us her experience of being a Black woman in retail.   "One of the most disheartening aspects of being a visible, Black leader in retail? Getting called out for an 'attitude' that is non-existent."-Nikki   #WeAreThe30Million  Click our link in bio to read Nikki's story.
Forget the bottle, get pressed  Our new pressed conditioners lather up to give you the rich, radiant and refreshing payoff your hair's been thirsting for.  Tap to shop haircare now or head to our link in bio.
Sex bomb, sex bomb, you're my sex bomb.  "This is hands down the best bath bomb I've ever used. The smell is intoxicating. The pink and purple color is beautiful. And it makes your skin feel magnificent. I love Lush products. I've used several of their bath bombs, but this is my very favorite!" - Pearl, Ohio   Raise your hand  if you're in the mood for a good... soak.  @lush_merryhill
UPDATED March 6, 2020: Due to growing concerns regarding the coronavirus outbreak, Lush has regrettably decided not to participate in SXSW this year. This was a really tough decision that we didnt take lightly but public safety is our top priority. We thank SXSW for their understanding and hope to see everyone next year.  This March 13-15th, help us unbuild that wall and fight for permanent immigration solutions for all at #SXSW in Austin, Texas. There, well be raising awareness of the inhumane US policies that force people into dangerous situations along the border and shining a light on the work of Charity Pot partners Colibr and No More Deaths.   To learn more about the important work that No More Deaths is doing to end suffering in the borderlands, tap our link in bio. #LUSHSXSW
Ain't no  dry enough to keep you from staying fresh, babe.  We have easy ways to stay fresh anywhere, everywhere. Tap the photo for our travel-friendly moisturizers and cleansers.   Heading to the slopes, the beach or the great outdoors? Major #FOMO but let us know where you're traveling to in the comments below.  
@blacktransmedia is a project established in Brooklyn, NY, led by and for Black Trans and Gender Non-Conforming (TGNC) youth and community. They work at the intersections of arts, media, education and organizing to address racism and transphobia.   Their mission: being committed to shift and reframe the value and worth of Black trans people everywhere, using media as an organizing tool.   These are some young and fearless Black trans leaders, artists and organizers working inter-generationally and inter-sectionally. To create a world where Black trans people are uplifted in our communities and in control of their own narratives and futures.   Click our link in bio to learn more.  #WeAreThe30Million
Lushies, let's play a game   With rings of a rainbow, to fill your tub with peace. Can you guess this bath bomb, which offers a kaleidoscopic release?  Tap the link in bio to see if you're right.   @tessmsereda
The power of Ultraplant as told by @eloraawhite: "For the past 72 hours, Ive been using the Ultraplant facial cleanser.  3 reasons why I love this cleanser:  1. Its QUICK and minimal. My almost 2-year-old has 98% of my time and energy, so a quick cleaner that leaves my skin feeling like a rose petal ... Im here for it!  2. Organic ingredients  & its vegan! Made with such soothing and natural oils.  3. It gives me the feeling of a gentle massage! I massage my face for a while in this video (which wasnt intended) It just felt so dang good!!  feeling ultra-clean and refreshed"  Want to be featured on our social channels? Share your Ultraplant reviews on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram and don't forget to tag @lushcosmetics, #ultraplant and #lushieswanted.  Head to our story for more info. 
The safety of migrants in our communities is under threat. Last week the Trump administration announced that ICE will deploy agents to nine cities with the intention of pressuring local law enforcement who refuse to participate in the harassment, detainment and deportation of migrants. If ICE comes to your door, ensure you know your rights. Follow these steps sourced from @unitedwedream and know your power.  Today, on #WorldDayOfSocialJustice, were calling on everyone to advocate so that all our communities can be free. Click our link in bio to learn how you can support, educate and take action. #FreeToMove
Oral care everywhere. Travel-friendly (and fluoride free!) mouthcare makes fresh breath on the go a breeze.  Ready for take off? Tap to shop now. 
Skip the Easter egg hunt.  Ditch palm oil-filled chocolate, wasteful single-use plastic and cruel chicken's eggs in favor of our range of vegan, ethically-sourced and beautiful Easter products.   Have a peep at our collection by hopping on over to our link in bio. 
It's sweet, it's sudsy and it's almost leaving our shelves.   Cop this cutie before it's too late. Shop it in our link in bio now.
Glow up and show up with Ultraplant.  Lushies, we want you.   It's simpleshare your Ultraplant reviews on Facebook, Twitter or Instagram, tag @lushcosmetics, #ultraplant and #lushieswanted to be featured on our channels.  Head to our story for more info.
Have Lush, will travel.   Keep your routine fresh and clean no matter where you are with travel-friendly sizes and solid solutions.  Tap to show now, or head to our link in bio.
Valentine's Day: the gift that keeps on giving.   Spring has sprung early with some bright and bubbly new goodies you're sure to love. Stock up on returning favorites like the plastic-free glitter of Golden Egg Bath Bomb Melt or the colorful cocoa butter softness of Cream Egg Bubbleroon.  Then indulge in hair-raising products like our pressed conditioner bars with a brand new formula in bestselling scents like Big, Sugar Daddy-o and Jungle.   And finally, spice up your life with a stimulating collection of products for bath, shower and beyond that celebrate moms in all their glory.  Shop link in bio to see what's new!
Happy Valentine's Day, Lushies!   Still searching for that last-second gift? We've got you covered. Skip the line in-store, and don't wait around for a package. Get the best of both worlds with Click + Pick. Just buy online and then swing by your local Lush to collect your goodies just in time for the big date.  You can't hurry love, but you can hurry Lush. Head to our link in bio or tap the pic to shop now.  From us to you.   xoxo Lush Social Team   
All eyes are on Unistoten Territory in opposition to the proposed Coastal GasLink/Transcanada fracked gas pipeline in northern British Columbia.   Its construction does not have the collective free, prior, and informed consent (FPIC) of the Wet'suwet'en hereditary chiefs.  At Lush, we stand in solidarity with those demanding that the standards of the United Nations' Declaration of the Rights of Indigenous Peoples (UNDRIP) are met.  To stand with us, head to our link in bio.  #UNDRIP #wetsuwetenstrong #landback 
There's something extra peachy about Peachy.   First, they can get things fizzing with Peachy Bath Bomb and its uplifting blend of grapefruit and davana oils, as well as invigorating fresh peach juice. Then they can bubble up a bath brimming with skin-softening cocoa butter and the same refreshing peach scent with Peach Crumble Bubbleroona bathing buddy you'll only find in this gift. Now that's cheeky.  Shop it now, tap the pic or head to our link in bio.
Black Momentum is a training program that inspires Black organizers to recast what is possible, and it provides participants with the tools necessary to build mass movements to scale. @momentum__community is a space intended to affirm the brilliance and innovation Black organizers have always cultivated and above all. Black Momentum develops our folks so they can make the most strategic, wholly informed, and transformative decisions required to lead the country in a direction to build a radical democracy for the 21st century. I am honored to co-learn and facilitate alongside some of the sharpest and most dedicated leaders across our movements, and that Black Momentum serves as both an anchor and an extension of the possibilities of Black movement building in this era. Miski Noor  POC Momentum is a space for organizers of color to learn together, to invest in each others leadership and to support one another in the long fight for the affirmation of everyones inherent humanity and worth.   #WeAreThe30Million  Head to our link in bio for more information about Black Momentum and keep an eye out on our social channels every week to see which stories we're sharing.
Open your heart and indulge in a sweet Brazilian orange oil and tonka absolute soak with this limited-edition Valentine's Day bath bomb.  First, unlock the center of the heart and pour the contents into running bath water to unleash a crumbly creation of color, fizz and foam. Then, if you're feeling extra indulgent, toss the rest of the bomb in and watch the swirl of color and fragrance dance along the surface of the tub. Whatever you decide, you've got the key to amazing bathing.  Spread the love by tapping on the pic or heading to our link in bio. 
We could all use a bit more happiness today, and the lush green gardens at @FSMexico are helping. What views are you dreaming of? #InternationalDayOfHappiness
For so many of us, travel is a necessary and rewarding part of our lives. It brings us together, connects us to the people and places around us, and inspires us to dream. During these uncertain times, our hearts are with everyone impacted by COVID-19 as we work to ensure the health and safety of all of our guests, residents and employees.    We also want to thank you for continuing to share your travel stories and memorable moments with our global community of travellers. We love seeing them, and hope you continue to share them. Now, more than ever we need to draw strength and inspiration from each other.    For more information, click the link in our bio for an update from our CEO John Davison.
Waking up at @FSOceanClub means breakfast served alongside calming ocean views. : @nytoanywhere
Spend your weekend nestled at the base of Blackcomb at @FSWhistler. How would you spend a wintery weekend in the mountains? #Whistler
Staycations can look this cosy. Shop our Four Seasons signature collection today and treat yourself this #WorldSleepDay.  #ShopFS
Wander the halls of @FSSurfside and discover a storied past dating back to 1930 when this Miami icon first opened its doors. : @andisoirees #Miami #FSByDesign
Swing into the start of the week on a secluded island oasis. @FSMauritius : @Spiritedpursuit #Mauritius
Today and every day we're celebrating the incredible women of #FourSeasons. Visit our Stories to meet some of the people that make us who we are. #InternationalWomensDay
With our Signature Collection, you'll spring forward fully rested  even after changing the clocks. Click the link in our bio to #ShopFS. #DaylightSavingTime
We wouldn't be who we are without our incredible people. Thank you to every single one of our employees across the globe who continually go above and beyond to ensure our guests have the best #FourSeasons experience possible. Happy #EmployeeAppreciationDay, today and every day. 
Pause. Breathe. Take just one minute to watch the sunset dip beneath the horizon at @FSAnguilla. Tag a friend you want to experience this with in the comments below and visit the link in our bio to #FSTakeYourTime now. : @instamesser #Anguilla
Rising 48-storeys above #SanFrancisco's Financial District, welcome to @FSEmbarcadero  confirming arrivals for May 2020. Our second hotel in the city offers a modern design perspective with unparalleled views and breathtaking panoramas of the skyline and bay. Visit the link in our bio to learn more.
Explore where vast ocean views, lively pools and lagoons meet at #Oahus wild and rugged western coast. An unforgettable adventure starts here. @FSOahu : @ducdubois
Snowcapped casitas make for the perfect winter scene in the Sangre de Cristo foothills. @FSSantaFe. #SantaFe
Sometimes, its not just about the destination  but the people you meet along the way. @FSJohannesburg #SouthAfrica #Johannesburg
The universe has gifted us 366 days this year, and to celebrate, we launched a podcast!  In our first-ever episode, get inspired by Jessica Nabongo from @thecatchmeifyoucan, as she talks through living outside of your comfort zone and her experience visiting every country in the world. Visit the link in our bio to listen to Take The Leap, conversations with extraordinary people talking about life-changing travel. #FSTakeYourTime
Soak in one of the wooden Japanese ofuro tubs at @FSLanai at Koele, and bask in the complete serenity of our private hale spa quarters. #Lanai
Your future is here. Whats the best thing that happened to you tomorrow? Take the leap. Take your time. Stay tuned for 02.29.20. #FSTakeYourTime
A tropical island off-limits to everyone but you. What would you do with your own private paradise? @FSMaldives Private Island at Voavah : @michutravel
The emotional benefits of travelling can lead to increased productivity. In fact, 80% of adults agree that after taking a vacation they are more productive at work. Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
The universe has gifted us with 366 days in 2020. What is your Leap Year declaration? Screenshot and tag @FourSeasons to share your travel inspiration for 2020! Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
From power breakfasts to indulgent dinners, take dining to new heights at @jean.georgesphiladelphia. @FSPhiladelphia : @betagermano #FSByDesign #Philadelphia
Between a tropical rainforest and the emerald waters of the Andaman Sea, discover the paradise that is @FSLangkawi. #FSByDesign #Langkawi
Discover what "pura vida" means at @FSCostaRica, where jungle greens and bright blues surround you. How will you start your adventure in Costa Rica? : @thelovelyescapist #CostaRica
Its not how far you travel. Its who you are when you come back. There are 366 days in 2020, take the leap. Take your time. Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
Dont forget to look up at @FSGeneva. : @andreavetrano #Geneva #FSByDesign
When are you most likely to step out of your comfort zone? Did you know that 95% of adults think that the best time to do so is while travelling? Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime
Experience a family teatime like no other at @FSTenTrinity. : @scoutthecity #London #FamilyDay
Sunday mornings with sweeping Bay views. @FSSanFrancisco : @____seina____ #WakeUpWithFS  #SanFrancisco
Walk through @FSSultanahmets inner courtyard, amidst pointed arches, dramatic domes and neoclassical accents. : @gezenavokado #FSByDesign #Istanbul
Happy Valentine's Day from all of us at #FourSeasons! What's the most romantic destination you've visited? : @jeremyaustiin #Maui #ValentinesDay
This leap year, bring your vacation self home with you. Take the leap. Take your time. Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
We are excited to announce @ForbesTravelGuide has awarded #FourSeasons with 56 Five-Star ratings. This honour marks the most Five-Star ratings awarded to a hotel brand in a single year. Visit the link in our bio to learn more. #ForbesTravelGuide #FourSeasons
366 days in the calendar this year means more time to explore something new. Did you know that 92% of adults agree that people learn things on vacation that gives them a new perspective, changing the way they live their life? Tell us about a travel experience that changed the way you looked at life. Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
Exceptional culinary experiences are the heart of some of life's best moments. We're pleased to announce #FourSeasons has earned 29 Michelin stars at 20 restaurants worldwide. Visit the link in our bio to learn more. : @legeorgeparis
Wake up at @FSLosAngeles and feel the anticipation in the air for tonight's big event. #WakeUpWithFS #FourSeasons
Who is up for a winter dip? @FSVail's heated outdoor pool is the perfect way to end your day of skiing and exploration in one of Colorado's most iconic locations. : @prbossbabe #FourSeasons #Vail
Step into the weekend and endless adventure from your overwater bungalow at @FSBoraBora. : @nervo #BoraBora
366 days in the calendar this year means more time to travel to the edge of whats possible. Take the leap. Take your time. Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
Pool or ocean? At @FSLanai, have both. Enjoy the ocean breeze from the lagoon-style pools overlooking the Hawaiian waters. :@wheretopeanut #Lanai
Whether its exploring the Maldives by submarine or uncovering the history of Highclere Castle  visit the link in our bio to discover a remarkable suite of activities and excursions from #FourSeasons. #ExperienceFS
Experience something new  together. With a #FourSeasons Gift Card or e-Gift Card, you and your loved one can enjoy overnight stays, dining experiences, spa treatments and more this Valentines Day. #FSGiftCard #FSTakeYourTime
Wake up and take in the excitement buzzing around #Miami today.  @FSMiami. : @thehackerette #WakeUpWithFS #FourSeasons
Let @FSCapFerrat be the backdrop to your most memorable day. : @19rivoli #FSWeddings #CapFerrat #FrenchRiviera
"It takes a certain kind of imagination to dream up unique cocktails and bring them to life. For @KMotsi, Head Bartender of Charles H., that inspiration can come from anywhere  his global travels, sports, culture, among many other things. The simplest things can spark his insatiable curiosity. As he was exploring inspirations from Mexico for new cocktails, he was struck by Frida Kahlo's work: seemingly simple self-portraits but exuding rich complexity. Similarly, the Ms. Frida cocktail looks deceptively simple, but delivers a sublime confluence of flavours with blanco tequila, clarified grapefruit juice and lavender cordial with bergamot essence.  Charles. H is one of Four Seasons must-visit bars around the world, and has been named Korea's Best Bar in the 2019 Asia's 50 Best Bars. Visit @charleshseoul to keep up with Keiths latest creations and click the link in our bio to learn more. #FourSeasons #FSMasterdish
Why wouldn't you? This year the universe has gifted us with 366 days, take the leap. Take your time. Visit the link in our bio to discover more about #FSTakeYourTime.
A bold new addition to #Tokyo's cityscape is here. Be among the first to experience Four Seasons Hotel Tokyo at Otemachi  now accepting arrivals for July 1, 2020. Visit the link in our profile to book now. @FSOtemachi #Otemachi #FourSeasons
Heres another reason to get excited in 2020 - new additions to Four Seasons portfolio. Click the link in our bio to learn more about this years new openings. #FourSeasons
Find total relaxation in the Fountain House at @FSAthens  an indoor hydrotherapy zone that connects ancient Greek tradition with modern-day spa culture. : @evelinybklein #Athens
From hotel to home  the #shopFS collection gives you every excuse to stay in bed a little bit longer. Shop via the link in our bio. : @eggcanvas #FourSeasons
We will do our best to share updates with you as we learn more. Please check our Stories for the latest updates, and visit the link in our bio for more information.
In our second episode of Discover Your Yellow with @passionpassport, we followed photographer @michaelgeorge on his trip to Japan last October. There, he explores the bold autumn colors of Tokyo, Kyoto, Osaka, and Nara to define what yellow means to him.  Where will you discover yellow? #ExpediaYellow #ExpediaPic Japan
#DidYouKnow that Minneapolis has three nicknames? Mill City, City of Lakes, and, of course, Twin Cities, which it shares with the neighboring city of St. Paul. From the performing arts community and the sports fandom to the small business scene and many outdoor activities, there's no shortage of things to do in this Minnesota metropolis. Minneapolis, Minnesota - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #minneapolis #minnesota #downtown #citylife
Ah, the Great Outdoors.  There's nothing quite like a road trip, especially when it's to Moulton Falls! This hike along the Lewis River in Southwest Washington is truly a breath of fresh air. While the trail is mostly flat, visitors can take things to the next level with a climb up the Bells Mountain Trail. Bring your camera because the views are exquisite! Moulton Falls, Washington - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #MoultonFalls #waterfall #washington #washingtonstate #pnw #visitwashington #greatoutdoors #mypnw
From the Riviera to the Alps, the Provence region of southwestern France is best known for the picturesque hills between the sea and the peaks.  Perhaps the most beautiful scene, however, is the aromatic lavender fields! The sea of purple, combined with vineyards and hilltop villages, inspired painters like Czanne and Picasso, and we can *definitely* see why. Provence, France - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #provence #lavender #france #visitfrance
In our first episode of Discover Your Yellow, we follow @ruthielindsey on her trip to Kauai, where she explores the lush landscape, beautiful culture, and vivid colors of the island.  Travel can impact our emotions in so many different ways and, to us, color strongly influences this. Visit our IGTV to learn more about Ruthie's journey to discover what yellow means to her. #ExpediaYellow Kauai, Hawaii - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #kauai #hawaii #colorful #yellow #nature
The rainbow looks good on you, Palm Springs.  The Saguaro Hotel, known for its bright rooms and bold exterior, is the ultimate getaway! With its botanical gardens, golf courses, museums, and, of course, constant sunshine, a weekend in Palm Springs is sure to cure your winter blues. Or, stay put at the Saguaro and enjoy the relaxing spa, fun pool, and... Those epic colors! Palm Springs, California - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #palmsprings #california #saguarohotel #colorful #pool #coolpool
Follow the pink brick road.  Er, we mean the Nelson Street Cycleway! Also known as the Pink Path, this popular landmark in Auckland connects pedestrians from Upper Queen Street to Quay Street, providing simple and safe access to the center of the city. Oh, and did we mention it lights up? Yup, the pathway is lined with LED lights that change color! Auckland, New Zealand - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #newzealand #nz #auckland #visitnewzealand #oceania #bridge #coolbridge
To us, the color yellow represents joy and life.  In partnership with @passionpassport, we joined @ruthielindsey on her trip to Hawaii to explore the beautiful landscape and uncover what yellow means to her. Where will you discover yellow? #ExpediaYellow #ExpediaPic
Step back in time with a visit to the quaint city of Mostar in Bosnia and Herzegovina.  From the iconic Old Bridge to its cobblestone streets, Mostar is filled to the brim with rich culture, history, and architecture. There's something waiting to be explored around every corner! Mostar, Bosnia and Herzegovina - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #bosnia #herzegovina #mostar #bridge #europe #visitbosnia
#DidYouKnow that Laguna Beach is one of California's earliest vacation towns?  Settled not long after the American Civil War, the coastal village quickly became popular with inland ranchers wanting to escape the summer heat. Beyond the beach, visitors can explore beautiful architecture, one-of-a-kind boutiques and galleries, and cute cafs. Or stop by the Laguna Brewing Company for a local beercheers! Laguna Beach, California - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #lagunabeach #california #laguna #beach #beachvacation
Welcome to the eclectic Inntel Hotels: Amsterdam Zaandam.  A 2-minute walk from the Zaandam Train Station and a 20-minute drive to the Anne Frank House, this water-side hotel is known for its bold colors and unique construction. Would you stay here? Amsterdam, Netherlands - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #coolhotel #color #colorful #amsterdam #netherlands
It comes as no surprise that this portion of the Peruvian Andes is known as Rainbow Mountain.  After Machu Picchu, Rainbow Mountain is the most visited tourist destination in Peru! #FunFact: Many years of erosion have revealed the vivid colors, which result from different minerals, such as oxide rust and iron sulfide. While it used to take around a week to find the mountain, travelers can now visit this natural wonder from Cusco by bus. Vinicunca Rainbow Mountain, Peru - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #rainbowmountain #rainbowmountains #peru #vinicunca
#DidYouKnow that Berlin is nine times bigger than Paris? The massive city can be characterized by its street art, chic neighborhoods, and repurposed architecture, as well as its important history and culture. As you wander through the neighborhoods of Berlin, see the scars of WWII and the Cold War juxtapose the newness of modern cafs and architecture. Although the German capital dates back to the 13th century, some of its most important history came in the 20th century; visitors can explore the Holocaust memorial and the remains of the Berlin Wall. Berlin, Germany - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #berlin #germany
While most of the arches in Arches National Park began as domes, natural elements caused the inner sections to erode away over many thousands of years, forming the delicate and iconic arches. Speaking of delicate, Delicate Arch is one of the most remarkable arches in the entire park; visitors can even examine Ute petroglyphs of sheep and horses! Not to mention, it's a prime spot for sunset viewing.  Arches National Park, Utah - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #arches #nationalpark #utah #getoutside
The charming and rural village of Chenonceaux is famous for the nearby Chteau de Chenonceau, a spectacular castle on the River Cher. Known for its grandiose architecture, exquisite artwork, and lavish gardens, it was originally constructed at the beginning of the 16th century and became home to Catherine de Medici after her husband, Henry II, died in 1559. A sweet escape from the hustle and bustle of city life, Chenonceaux is located two hours south of Paris. Chenonceaux, France - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #france #chenonceaux
Dear Spring, we miss you...  With its wooden windmills, traditional Dutch homes, and stunning tulip fields, a visit to the Zaanse Schans is as charming and quaint an experience as you'd imagine. Luckily, tulip season is quickly approachingfrom the end of March until mid-May, the flower fields are bursting with color! Zaanse Schans, Netherlands - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #netherlands #tulipfield #colorful #traveltuesday
As you drive through the dry landscape of Southeastern California, you'll discover Joshua Tree National Park, a vast and breathtaking expanse of preserved wilderness.  Known for its (wait for it) Joshua trees, this park is spread across the Mojave and Colorado Deserts and attracts nearly 3 million visitors each year. #FunFact  while Joshua Tree was recognized as a national monument in 1936, it didn't become a national park until 1994. Joshua Tree, California - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #joshuatree #california #nationalpark
Known for its idyllic beaches and crystal clear water, Bali is also home to many beautiful temples, like Pura Bratan, a Hindu temple on Lake Bratan.  Built over 350 years ago in honor of the goddess Dewi Danu, this popular tourist attraction is also called the Floating Temple and is surrounded by many waterside gardens and tall shrines. Its beauty is unmatched! Bali, Indonesia - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #bali #indonesia #lakebratan #purabratan #puraulundanu #temple
#FunFact: It's widely thought that Fjadrargljufur was formed nearly 9,000 years ago at the end of the Ice Age.  The South Iceland canyon is in the shape of a serpent, with a glacial river that runs into a lake. Would you visit this remote destination? Fjadrargljufur Canyon, Iceland - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #iceland #canyon #nature
Welcome to Venice.  Experience the timeless charm of The Floating City, with its many cobblestone streets, arched bridges, and, of course, iconic gondolas. Home to the notable St. Mark's Square, Venice has an incredibly rich culture! In fact, two of the city's most spectacular buildings, St. Marks Basilica and the Doges Palace, sit at the east end of the square and exemplify Venice's Byzantine influence, with their ornate gold mosaics and elaborate domes. Venice, Italy #ExpediaPic via @pocketwanderings - Head to our Instagram Stories to see more of our fave #FanFriday travel moments! - #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #venice #italy #visititaly #pazzasanmarco
The dreamiest escape.  The Aiyana Resort & Spa is the *ultimate* definition of relaxation. Tell us which spot you find the most zenpool, beach, or bathtub? Pemba Island, Tanzania - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #pembaisland #tanzania #zanzibar #relax #beachvacation #hotel
It's officialwe're mesmerized by the colors of Stockholm.  #FunFact: Stockholm stands on 14 islands that dot the surface of Lake Mlaren, Swedens third-largest lake, and is famous for its parks, palaces, galleries, and museums. Getting around Stockholm is easy on foot since many of the major attractions are within walking distance of the city center but travelers can also explore by public transportation, bike, or even boat! Be sure to check out the wide range of galleries; from the Museum of Modern Art to the Fotografiska, there's a variety of art waiting to be explored. Stockholm, Sweden - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #stockholm #sweden #visitsweden
#DidYouKnow that Kauai's nickname is The Garden Island?  With its mountainous landscape, rugged coastline, and lush rainforests, it's easy to see why! The fourth largest and northernmost of the Hawaiian islands, Kauai offers a unique paradise for travelers. #TravelTuesday Kauai, Hawaii - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #kauai #hawaii #islandlife #beachvacation
Known for its art nouveau architecture, Alesund is a quaint seaside city on the western coast of Norway.  After a fire in 1904, the city was mostly rebuilt, which visitors can learn about at the Jugendstilsenteret museum. Arguably the best part of Alesund, however, is the Aksla Viewpoint, which offers panoramic views of the city and its surrounding Sunnmre Alps. A 418 step hike from the Town Park, the trek is well worth it for a view like this one! Alesund, Norway - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #alesund #norway #coastal #sea #beachtown
On the banks of Agras Yamuna River is one of the worlds best-known architectural masterpieces, the Taj Mahal.  Conceived by grieving Emperor Shah Jahan for his deceased wife, the marble mausoleum was built over 22 years, beginning in 1632 and involving tens of thousands of stone workers and European inlay experts. #FunFact: The Taj Mahal was constructed with Makrana marble and throughout the day seems to change color with the angle of the sun. Agra, India #ExpediaPic regram via @tzhuu - #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #tajmahal #agra #india
#DidYouKnow that Dubai's Burj Khalifa is the tallest building in the world at 2,723 feet?  Built in 2009, the massive structure has 163 floors; for reference, the Empire State Building has 102 floors. At the base of Burj Khalifa is Dubai Fountain and the nearby Burj Park, an island of lush greenery, water features, and stunning views of downtown. Dubai, United Arab Emirates - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #dubai #visitdubai #downtown #citylife #burjkhalifa
#FunFact: Las Vegas is the most popular destination that Americans are traveling to this Valentine's Day weekend, based on hotel demand. From the Fountains of Bellagio to the canals of The Venetian, it's easy to feel the love in Vegas! And don't forget the Paris Las Vegas hotel; if you can't see the real Eiffel Tower, this is the next best thing.  Las Vegas, Nevada - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #lasvegas #valentinesday #romance #vegas #vegasstrip
Happy Valentine's Day!  It's no secret that Paris is one the of the most romantic destinations in the worldit's often referred to as the City of Love, after all. Enchanted by the sparkle of the Eiffel Tower and the French language itself, travelers can't help but fall in love with Paris! Which city do you find the most romantic? Paris, France - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #paris #valentinesday #romance #france #eiffeltower #sunset
There's no denying that Bora Bora is an idyllic romantic destination.  Between the crystal clear water and overwater bungalows, the Bora Bora Pearl Beach Resort & Spa will leave you feeling relaxed and revived, which is why it's one of our top picks for a Valentine's Day getaway! Head to our Stories to see more of our favorite VIP Access hotels around the world for a romantic vacation.  Bora Bora, French Polynesia - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #borabora #valentinesday #valentine #romance #romantic
Florence is often hailed as one of the worlds most beautiful cities.  The capital of Tuscany is the birthplace of the Renaissance, and Michelangelo, Donatello, and dozens more of Europe's most revered artists plied their trades here. From the cobblestone streets and quaint architecture to the rich culture and romantic art, Florence is as dreamy as it gets. Florence, Italy - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #florence #italy #duomo #visititaly
Greece is known for its beautiful white and blue houses, but we can't get over the vivid pink and orange hues of Symi.  Part of the Dodecanese Islands in the Aegean Sea, Symi is known for its beaches, harbor, and neoclassical architecture. It is also home to a Greek Orthodox pilgrimage site and Byzantine museum! While Symi and the Dodecanese Islands are only reachable by boat or ferry, the medieval castles, churches, and archaeological sites are worth exploring. Symi, Greece - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #santorini #greece #beach #beachvacation
Can you feel the love?  With Valentine's Day right around the corner, New York City definitely comes to mind as a romantic getaway. In fact, #DidYouKnow that NYC has one of the highest hotel demands in the US for V-Day weekend? Head to our Stories to check out more in-demand destinations for you and your partner! #TravelTuesday New York, New York - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #newyork #nyc #bigapple #citylife #valentinesday
In the middle of the bustling city of Hanoi is Hon Kim Lake, a popular tourist attraction and the location of the city's picturesque Turtle Tower. Just a short walk from the old town, the lake provides a leafy escape from the city crowds and an enchanting storyH Hon Kim actually means Lake of the Returned Sword and the name is derived from an ancient myth.  Legend says that the Vietnamese emperor Le Loi returned a sword to a magic turtle at this very spot! Hanoi, Vietnam - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #hanoi #vietnam #turtletower
And the Oscar for "Most Beautiful Sunset" goes to... Los Angeles.  All eyes are on the City of Angels tonight as the 92nd Academy Awards take place in Hollywood's Dolby Theatre. #FunFact: The iconic event got its nickname from Academy librarian Margaret Herrick, who thought the statues looked like her Uncle Oscar.  Tell us which city you think deserves the Oscar for "Most Beautiful Sunset"! Los Angeles, California - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #losangeles #la #california #oscars #academyawards #oscars2020 #dolbytheatre
File under: Dream Vacation.  With a backdrop of pastel houses, a quaint old wharf, and rocky hills, Monterosso al Mare is the northernmost of the Cinque Terre villages. On the right side of the beach is Il Gigante, a 46-foot-tall Neptune statue that was carved into the concrete in 1910. Although he lost his arms, trident, and seashell due to a bombing in WWII, the statue remains a popular attraction. Monterosso al Mare, Italy #ExpediaPic regram via @samtanimal - Head to our Instagram Stories to see more of our fave #FanFriday travel moments! - #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #italy #cinqueterre #beach #regram
The Joule, a luxury hotel in downtown Dallas, provides visitors solitude in the midst of chaos. This pools unique cantilevered design hangs eight feet off the side of the hotel, giving a coveted view of Main Street and the city. Tell us the coolest hotel pool you've been to in the comments below! Dallas, Texas - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #coolpool #dallas #texas #hotel
No trip to Lake Bled would be complete without a boat ride to Slovenias only true island! Ascend 99 steps to the beautiful Church of the Assumption of Maria, where, according to legend, if you ring the bell three times, your wish will come true.  Lake Bled, Slovenia - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #lakebled #slovenia
#FunFact: This Spanish church in Barcelona overlooks a ferris wheel and roller coaster. That's right  at the base of the basilica is the Tibidabo Amusement Park.   It opened in 1905, making it one of the oldest theme parks in the world that's *still* running. The church was actually built after the theme park and didn't open until 1961! Tibidabo, Barcelona, Spain - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #spain #barcelona #tibidabo #cathedral
 GIVEAWAY CLOSED  In honor of our 300k friends here on Instagram, we're gifting one lucky winner a $300 Expedia Travel Voucher! Thank you for joining our community and sharing the passion for travel.  - How to Enter: 1. Follow @Expedia. 2. Like this post. 3. Comment your dream vacation in 3 emojis + tag your fave travel buddy. T&Cs in bio. - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #sweepstakes #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #positano #italy #amalficoast
Welcome to Surf City USA.  In addition to learning how to surf, visitors to Huntington Beach can learn about the history and culture of the sport at the International Surfing Museum. Sounds like a great spring break spot, if you ask us! Oh, and did we mention that Disneyland is less than an hour away? Huntington Beach, California - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #huntingtonbeach #orangecountry #oc #california #beachvacation
#DidYouKnow that in the Quechua Indian language, Machu Picchu means Old Peak? As one of the most well-preserved Inca cities, this citadel was built around 1450 and is considered an architectural marvel! About 4 million tourists travel to Peru each year and, not surprisingly, Machu Picchu is the most-visited destination. Is this spot on your travel bucket list? Machu Picchu, Peru - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #machupicchu #peru
#DidYouKnow that Jaipur is known as the Pink City? In 1876, the city painted itself terracotta pink (a color typically associated with hospitality) to welcome the Prince of Wales. Talk about the royal treatment! Jaipur, India #ExpediaPic regram via @yogawinetravel - Head to our Instagram Stories to see more of our fave #FanFriday travel moments! - #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #jaipur #india #pinkcity
Important question: Are you still enjoying the winter weather or wishing for warmer days?  Luxembourg, Luxembourg - #ExpediaPic#Expedia#travel#vacation#explore#adventure#wanderlust#travelgram#instatravel#luxembourg #luxembourgcity #europe #snow #citylife
Childhood dreams coming true with this treehouse hotel.  Located in Rovaniemi, capital of Lapland in Finland, the Arctic Treehouse Hotel sits in a beautiful pine forest. Here, the Northern Lights are visible from August to April and Santa Park (yes, Santa Park) is a 3-minute walk away. Visitors can also explore the Arktikum, a museum and science center devoted to the Arctic. Would you stay in this tree house? Rovaniemi, Finland - #ExpediaPic#Expedia#travel#vacation#explore#adventure#wanderlust#travelgram#instatravel#rovaniemi #lapland #finland #northernlights #treehouse #coolhotels
We'd like to ride in the yellow one, please.  While Cappadocia is known for a sky of hot air balloons, it's also famous for its fairy chimneystall, cone shaped rock formations. Within the rocks are man-made dwellings; small rooms, enormous cathedrals, and even underground cities! Would you rather explore Cappadocia from the sky or the underground? Cappadocia, Turkey - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #cappadocia #turkey #hotairballoons #traveltuesday
Hogwarts Express, is that you?  Between searching for the Loch Ness Monster, exploring historic castles, and feeling the wind on the Isle of Skye, the Scottish Highlands are packed with unforgettable travel adventures, including the Jacobite Steam Train. While this IS the train that was featured in the Harry Potter films, it, unfortunately, won't take you to Hogwarts. Instead, this iconic train explores 84 miles of the Scottish Highlands, from Ben Nevis to Loch Nevis! Scottish Highlands - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #scotland #highlands
#DidYouKnow that Acorn Street is the most photographed street in Boston? Between the cobblestone and red brick, it's easy to see why! Located in Beacon Hill, one of Boston's smallest suburbs, Acorn Street will transport you to colonial Boston and remind you of the city's rich history. Boston, Massachusetts - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #boston #acornstreet #Massachusetts  #citylife
#FunFact: The Great Wall of China is the longest structure EVER built by humans, with construction beginning over 2000 years ago.  The Beijing landmark attracts over 10 million people each year, with the Great Wall-Badaling being the most famous section. Beijing, China - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #beijing #china #greatwall #greatwallofchina
Hello, golden hour.  Tell us your favorite city to watch the sunrise (or set)! Toronto, Ontario - #ExpediaPic #Expedia #travel #vacation #explore #adventure #wanderlust #travelgram #instatravel #toronto #canada #downtown
Thank you for placing your trust in usyesterday, today and tomorrow. While this situation is continually evolving, one thing that hasnt changed is our commitment to safety and doing the right thing for everyone we serve and work with. Were here for you.
The Bahamas are always surfing looks. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (: @nikiniksmua) 
Were big fans of saving. Saving TrueBlue points, saving daylight, saving room for more snacksanyway, dont forget to set your clocks forward tonight.
We feel the needthe need for seeds. @88acres Cinnamon and Oats Seed Bars, specifically. Theyre nut-free, gluten-free, GMO-free, vegan, and now available on board. 
LAS but not least. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (: @valentinaelise_) 
Sorry if this post feels like too much of a FLLex. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@_lex.sea) 
We La-la-land here. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@acetheillest)
Rise above it all this week.  #MondayBlues 
Weve got a SoFt spot for SF.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@itsindyrella) 
Is today your 20th birthday? No way, same! If youre a 2/11/2000 baby, head to our Story and enter our sweepstakes before 20:00 EST today. 20 lucky 20-year-olds will each win two round trip flights on us! #JB20for20Sweeps  NoPurchNec. Ends 20:00 EST 2/11/20. Open 50 US/DC/PR 18+ Winner pays gov taxes+fees, up to $190/pp/RT. Rules/Eligibility @ https://go.aws/2SBCLh9
Tropic like its hot.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@charmsofmine) 
The weekend is over. Time to turn the page.   #MondayBlues 
Weve got a new flight to France  technically. Now offering nonstop service between NYC and Guadeloupe (its in the Caribbean). 
Views you can BUR-bank on. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@theelalady)
Weve always got Georgia on our mind. Head to our Story for some advice on all things ATL. #LikeALocal
The results are incongratulations to @jossiejackeline and @allisondeanne for winning our #JetBlueMondayContest! Have an amAZing time in Phoenix! Thanks to all who participated.
Forget cloud 9, this view is a cloud 10.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@robertmahaneyphotography)
Did you know: Phoenix Arizona gets more annual sunlight than almost any other city on Earth? And we fly there. And its cold and dark in a lot of other places right now.  Share your current winter view with us using #JetBlueMondayContest and @JetBluethe most creative submissions will win round-trip flights to PHX. No purch nec 48US/DC, 18+ Ends 11:59:59pmET 1/20/20. Winner pays gov taxes+fees, up to $40/pp/RT. Learn more at the link in our bio.
Big sky, meet big city. Coming soonnonstop service between JFK, Boston, and Bozeman, Montana. Start booking today.
Feeling some type of WAy about this view. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@flyingwithfoster)
Everythings bigger in Texas  including the vacations. Today, pop over to our Story for a DFW download from @allisonsphotographyy, @joey.arw, @molly_onthemove, @just.dallas.things and @karliedoesdallas  #LikeALocal #Dallas
Its always a good idea to go Dutch.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@thewanderlustjetsetter)
Ski you later, weekend. #MondayBlues 
For a great vacation, Washingtons always got our vote.  Today on our Story: see D.C. with local representative @masterwilliams. #LikeALocal
The most relaxing part of the holiday season? Going to the airport. Yes, you heard that right. Introducing JetBlue AirSMR. Grab a pair of headphones and get the full experience at the link in our bio.
We dont just like this lake, we lake-lake it. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@jasondb1979)
The week is all downhill from here. #MondayBlues
Do we like mountains? To summit up, were pretty big fans.  In honor of #InternationalMountainDay, take a hike over to our Stories to see some of our favorite peaks, and some mountains of food you can find near each one. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@squawkingcat)
In Lima, the possibilities are LIMitless.  Visit our stories to peruse the capital of Peru with @elenaborsch and @rockanddrone. #LikeALocal
Start the day with a bagel, end it with some encebollado: Introducing our first nonstop flight from JFK to Guayaquil, Ecuador.
San Juans got the costa with the most-a.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@jayvelez)
Hey weekend, take a hike. #MondayBlues
Weve always bean fans of Boston.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@capt_henn320)
BRB, going off the grid.
Its all good on Mt. Hood.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@lbharrington)
This town is just magicalin more ways than one. Today on our Story: @stevenmadow, @thelittlekitchn, @orlandoeats, and @lemonhearted help us think outside the parks. #LikeALocal #Orlando
Lifes a beach. #MondayBlues
Mojave you seen the views in California? #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@lucygloverphoto)
North Carolina is Raleigh nice. Check our story and save this post for some southern-style travel inspiration. #LikeALocal #Raleigh #Durham
We cant throw shade at these views.
Big Ber-mood-a.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@poochiepix)
The weekend is over. Go with the flow. #MondayBlues
Why so cirrus?  #Halloween #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@capt_henn320)
Fall trip to Boston? Seeing is be-leaf-ing. Head to our Story to get smaht about visiting the capital of Massachusetts, courtesy of @kimoshka, @photos_by_mikep, @kris.k.moore and @georgina.whalen. #LikeALocal
The names Bay. Montego Bay.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@travelingwithkatlin)
You dont know Jack...sonville. Or maybe you do. Either way, its awesome.  Investi-gator our Story for some tips on playing JAX from @brittanycreates & @cre8jax. #LikeALocal
Wave goodbye to the weekend. #MondayBlues
Hard to be salty with a view like this.  #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@stevenlabrie)
Golden State, golden opportunities.  Right now on our Story: @goodthompson and @ediblehours share their Sacramento secrets. #LikeALocal
Heres the sweet tea: Charleston is lovely this time of year. #WingCrushWednesday #WCW (:@sheenamarizalberto)
[WEBINAR] In these uncertain times, it is important to support one another, both professionally and personally. While the social and business landscape looks challenging ahead, if history has taught us anything, it is that we can and will come out the other side. It takes unwavering determination to succeed, agile strategies, and quick execution.   In our attempt to help organizations through these trying times, we have compiled 8 marketing projects you can jump on immediately that will help keep you and your business moving in the right direction.   Join our President and VP Operations (East) as they discuss these projects during our webinar on March 27, 1pm EST/10am PST. Register now by clicking the link in bio and remember, youve got this.     #webinar #marketing #business #covid19
Congratulations to Ali Somani who has been promoted to Senior Paid Media Strategist! We sat down with Ali in Toronto to ask him about his career at Major Tom and to get some advice for anyone looking to enter the industry.   Ali, what has your experience and career progression been like with us? Major Tom has been extremely supportive of me and my career aspirations as I navigated my way from being an Account Manager to a Paid Media Strategist and now Sr. Paid Media Strategist. Working at Major Tom for the past two years has been absolutely great. Theyre a fun and supportive agency with great people. Thats what makes the job so satisfying and everyones focused on achieving the client goals together. I am extremely excited about the future of our growing east coast and how we can continue to take our clients' paid media strategies to the next level while growing our internal teams.  What advice would you give for someone looking to enter the marketing industry? Just do it! Digital marketing is such a great growing industry thats so interesting. I was studying finance and love numbers but also realized I like thinking about how businesses market their products/services to gain customers. Digital marketing gave me the perfect mix of marketing and data analytics that I am always intrigued and challenged. Just get in, because theres something in digital marketing for everyone. Once you get in and learn the basics you can grow yourself in so many ways.
Move across Canada and execute a 400% growth plan?  That's no sweat for these two.  Meet Lauren Pybus and Mitchell Fawcett, our two VPs who have relocated to Toronto and are laser focused on growth and innovation. Having been friends for over 10 years and coworkers for four, they're excited to share this next adventure.   Here's to investing in the East where, as a team, we aim to create more jobs and grow our clients' businesses.  Discover more about Lauren, Mitchell and their mission. Link in bio.     #toronto #newyork #marketingagency #agencylife #growth
On International Women's Day, we're taking a moment to celebrate the women within our agency. Without their fortitude, Major Tom would not be what it is today. Thank you for your hard work, your determination, and your tenacity. Thank you for standing with us for gender equality.   Today, we also reflect on the IWD theme of #EachforEqual. Drawn from the notion of 'Collective Individualism', Each for Equal means making an impact on society lies with individual choice and collective belief. Your actions, conversations, behaviors and mindsets have an impact on our larger society. It lies in the choices you make every day to stand against bias, broaden perceptions, and uplift those around you. When we collectively make the choice to stand for gender equality, we will incite change.   Collectively, we can create an equal world.      #IWD #IWD2020
Happy 84th birthday Jack R. Lousma!   Everyone loves some fun facts, so here are a few fascinating ones about Jack:     He is NASA's only leap-year baby.    He was on the receiving end of the famous phrase "Houston, we have a problem."    The above phrase is actually misquoted. The original phrase is "Houston, we've had a problem here."  The word "astronaut" didn't exist when he was born.   He logged a total of 1,619 hours in space.       #leapyear #leapbaby #astronaut #NASA #happybirthday #jacklousma
How many times do you catch yourself thinking "Someday I'll..."?  We often wish for more time to read that book, volunteer at that shelter, see our friends or get our taxes done. (Okay, you didn't wish that last one but 'tis the season).  2020 has gifted us with an extra 24hrs, so make that someday, today.         #MakeSomedayToday #LeapDay #LeapYear #Someday #Achieve
Valentines doesn't have to be sappy, Cos to Love also means to be happy. With your friend or your lover,  Your dog or your mother,  Or even alone with crumbs in your lappy.  Happy #ValentinesDay from Major Tom 
Now hiring: a Senior Social Media Strategist to join our growing team.   Perks of the job include: An amazing company culture  A great roster of clients A creative team to collaborate with  Competitive benefits.   If this sounds like a good fit for you, apply now. Link in bio.  #Hiring #jobalert #socialmedia #Vancouver #marketingagency #NowHiring  
The $3.5 billion flip-flop market is being revolutionized by New York-based @tidalnewyork.  @forbes asked their Co-Founder, Tim Gibb, about sustainability, competitive advantages, how they make their plant-based flip-flops, and their future growth. Find out what he had to say. Link in bio.  #clientlove
Major Tom's adding a Digital Project Manager to our team.  Are you experienced in managing multiple website projects at once? Juggling client expectations and your creative team's capacity? Navigating tough client questions like Mario dodges loose bananas?  If you've answered yes to any of these questions, then apply through the link in our bio!
When someone comes to us with a curious mind, we do our best to share the knowledge we've gained. After all, having a curious mind is one of our core values.  Chris Breikss, a founding partner of Major Tom, often answers our DM's. When one user came to us for some expert advice on digital marketing, Chris provided them the information and then some.  When they later came back for some more, Chris again shared his knowledge and provided a large range of resources to aid them.   Then today, a special delivery was made to the office. Our DM friend was so thankful for the advice they had received, they gifted Chris with a luxurious cake. It was such a sweet gesture and Chris (and the rest of us) were very touched by this. It serves as a reminder that what we have are people-to-people relationships and not agency-to-user.   This is something that should never be forgotten in the business world.  Plus, unbeknownst to our friend, the cake actually arrived on Chris' actual birthday! What a great way to celebrate!  #employeeofthemonth #happybirthday #marketingagency #customerservice #curiousmind
For Australia Day this year were doing what we can to help the animals that have been affected by the Australian bushfires.   Ari, who hails from the land down under herself, is promoting Major Toms fundraiser in the hopes to raise more funds for this cause.   If youd like to help, please swipe up in our latest Instagram story or use this URL: https://www.wires.org.au/donate/emergency-fund 
Not today #bluemonday. Not today.   Beat the blues by immersing yourself in these mood-boosting songs weve compiled in this @Spotify #playlist. Link in bio-o-o-o 
As everyone begins their New Years resolutions the pressure not to falter is high. But the idea of achieving an instant change is what leads to 77% of people breaking their resolutions, with 35% not even making it to February.  Take a step back and look at the big picture. You dont have one day or 31 days to work with -- you have 366 (#leapyear). So, view this fresh start of the new year as the beginning of your journey to reach your goals.  #newyear #bigpicture #stepback #breathe #nothingworthhavingcomeseasy #newyearsresolution
We apply the same principles of strategy whether we approach our goals in our careers or in our personal life. To do this: identify your goal, break it down into smaller pieces, and follow the plan, with determination and passion motivating you onwards.  But while focusing on the granular details as you progress onwards, its important to regularly step back and take in that 50,000-foot view. This will help you reach your goals by:   Showing if everyone is on or off track.  Ensuring you are still moving in the right direction  Identifying any unexpected problems up ahead.  View any challenges strategically.  Spot new opportunities.  Adapting the plan to account for internal and external changes.  Dont get lost in the maze.  #strategy #bigpicture #stepback #marketingagency #perspective #goals #goalgetter #adapt #vancouver #canada
"New year, new me" is a phrase that gets thrown around this time of year but to be honest, we're not a fan of it. Above all else, we like you. The person you've been in 2019 and all the years we've known you previously.  So, instead of becoming a "new you", why dont you take on a new perspective instead? Rather than starting fresh, build on everything youve achieved and learned throughout all of your previous years.  Striving to be a better person is great, just remember to stay true to who you are.  #newyear #motivation #newyearnewme #perspective #2020vision
Hope youre filling up on the holiday essentials!  Whats your favorite festive treat? Hot chocolate with Baileys? Mulled wine? Yule log? Mince pies? Let us know! . . . . . #happyholidays #beer #mincepies #traditional #festive #marketingagency
Mmmm nothing like a pancake breakfast!   Whats your favourite pancake topping? Are you a savoury or a sweet?   . . . . #pancakes #breakfast #agencylife #worklife #happyholidays #festive #canihavesomemore
Happy holidays from our Toronto team! 
Vickie is putting her new blanket to good use whilst she optimises her clients marketing automation. Tis the season to get cosy.     #companyswag #swag #christmasgift #hubspot #marketingautomation #blanket #cosy #office #agencylife 
Both the east team and the west team had their holiday parties and were glad to say that everyone lived to tell the tale!   A picture says a thousand words, so weve made sure not to post those ones. But join in as we swipe through the happy memories made during the celebrations.   Heres to another amazing year. 
Office hockey and TikTok! #ItsMajorTom #agencylife
This year at Major Toms Great White North headquarters, we decided to forego gifts, giving money to charity instead (weve got the receipts). But, we still wanted to spread the holiday cheer to our friends, families, followers, and fans, so we created a tribute to a Canadian Christmas Classic. . We hope you enjoy watching this as much as we enjoyed making it. Happy Holidays, eh!
Its #secretsanta time but it looks like someones present wasnt barking 
24 HOURS ONLY! @tidalnewyork will be donating all proceeds to @surfridernyc to help clean up and protect our beaches and oceans.   Were delighted to assist Tidal in creating the right ad copy to promote this initiative and support a great cause.   Purchase to support by visiting www.tidalnewyork.com   #clientlove #fridaysforfuture #blackfriday
Weve had our fun making these video ads but now its time for you to have yours!  @zephyrepic is having a big #BlackFriday #sale so dont miss out!  #clientlove
In a world filled with too much bad news and fake news, we're delighted to share some good news!   CONGRATULATIONS to Alicia, Ivy, Courtney, and Keelan who have all been promoted within the media team!  Alicia has been promoted to Paid Search Group Lead and Ivy has stepped into the role of Senior Media Strategists. Courtney and Keelan are now Media Strategists and have both quickly taken to the new responsibilities.  Recognition for work well done is important and we're delighted to see these amazing people's skills be acknowledged and see them grow within the agency.  Go team go!  
 Its pumpkin carving time and its getting messy!  We hope you and your inner child have a lot of fun this Halloween    Also, have you seen a cuter pumpkin?        #halloween #happyhalloween #pumpkins #pumpkincarving #toronto #agencylife 
         #halloween #trickortreat #cursedchild #sarah #haunted #spiritworld
#FRIDAYSFORFUTURE  Climate strikes continue to take place on Fridays across the globe. In Vancouver right now, thousands have joined teen environmental activist, Greta Thunberg, in her climate change march.   It has been a month since people across the world, including Major Tom staff, united to demand action to be taken against climate change. However, seeing people still being proactive in pushing for change is fantastic. Just like getting healthier with exercise - the key to success is consistency.  We're all about reaching for the stars, but we care deeply about the health of our planet. As well as having taken part in these strikes, we have been busy cleaning up the environment. On both sides of the coast we have been taking part in beach cleanups . Clearing up waste for proper disposal and recycling, and to help keep our oceans and marine life healthy.   Be the change you want to see in this world and never give up.      #Climatestrike #Vancouver #Strikewithus #Fridays4Future #GretaThunberg #Beachcleanup #Surfrider #Tidal #TidalBeachCleanUp #NYC #NewYork #Dontlitter
Missed out on our guides to help you prepare for and navigate through the future of marketing? Use the #majortomorrow hashtag to locate all the content.       #marketing #digitalmarketing #futureofmarketing #future #marketingagency
Reaching Consumers In a Connected World was a topic tackled by one of our Paid Search Specialists, Ivy, at our joint even with Google.  Diving into the practical and hands-on application of Google Search, Shopping, and Display advertising, Ivy provided attendees with useful tactics and checklists to help make their 2019 eCommerce holiday campaigns their best yet.  Did you attend the event or wondering how you can set up a successful eCommerce campaign? If so, share your feedback or thoughts by leaving a comment!    #GOOGLExMAJORTOM #Google #GoogleConnect #ecommerce #holidaycampaigns
The #GOOGLExMAJORTOM event kicked off with Armando from @google discussing the Age of Assistance. Where consumers expect advertisers to Be There, Be Valuable, and to Be Quick. This was a meaty presentation with plenty of note taking from the audience (using their new Google notebook and Google pen!).
As the holidays approach, its important for eCommerce businesses to start preparing their marketing strategy and when doing so, to take into account the latest in consumer behavior new marketing tactics.  Thats why this week we co-hosted a Google Connect event at @chambar_restaurant. To help business owners and marketing professionals enhance their knowledge and understanding of online advertising and search strategies.
Its indeed hump day but not all hump days are the same.   @aprilyau, our NYC Group Director, attended the @WEMovement UN Day in New York as an honory member on a recent hump day.   This years theme: Superheros   Focusing on the @UN Sustainability Development Goals.  It was a truly inspiring event, especially hearing the voices of the youth, about their future and what they want to see in the world.  Our core values include Be a Plus Person and Own Your Impact and when it comes to events like this, it reminds us to live up to them in every aspect of our lives.  Happy (inspirational) hump day!
Let's do the Time Warp again.    Yep, this is actually one of the workshop activities we conduct at Major Tom to identify problems, solutions, and opportunities for our clients (and ourselves).   Learn about the Time Warp and Moonshot thinking workshop activities and download the *FREE* templates. Link in bio.
Search has evolved over the past 20 years, but so have we. That's why we are incredibly proud and honored to be nominated for Search Excellence in the 2019 Google Premier Partner Awards.   Learn about the journey and the submitted work. Link in bio.    #Google #Googlepremierpartner #Premierpartnerawards #marketingagency #paidsearch #seo #searchexcellence
This has been a historic week where in over 150 countries, people have come together to partake in the global climate strikes. The demand: action be taken to address climate change.  Major Tom is made up of passionate individuals and we're proud to support them in their beliefs. Across our offices in New York, Toronto and Vancouver they joined the #climatestrike to unite with millions of protesters and show world leaders the urgency and importance of this matter.  One of our core values is to Own Your Impact, and were proud of our team members who chose to be the change they want to see in the world. 
In order to succeed in the future, you have to be proactive about it and taking small steps each day will take you further than you think. So, when the future happens and change occurs, you will see youre more prepared for it than you realize.   To help get you there, here are three ways to help you prepare for tomorrows marketing landscape, today. Link in bio. #majortomorrow
Rewrite your future by joining our Strategy team!   Learn more about our UX Designer position by visiting our careers page (www.majortom.com/careers)     #hiring #vancouver #ux #uxdesigner #majortomorrow
What's the fuss about the future? Well, it's unavoidable, mostly unpredictable, and filled with opportunity.  Now here's how to survive it.  in bio.  #MajorTomorrow      #marketing #adapting #future #futureofmarketing #leanintochange #change #consumerbehavior #disruptivetechnology #technology #innovation
GOOGLE CONNECT PREMIER WITH MAJOR TOM | EVENT #Vancouver, October 8, 8:30am - 11.30am  Were co-hosting a breakfast with #Google! During this event, you will be presented with the latest insights from Googles experts while well be showing you how to boost your eCommerce sales during the holiday season using paid media. Click the link in our bio to learn more and register today.   #GOOGLExMAJORTOM
It's a competitive advantage to be curious about what the future may hold. Discover our three predictions for marketing in the year 2024 and let us know - are you filled with excitement or unease?  in bio.  #MajorTomorrow      #future #predictions #marketingagency #2024 #marketing #futureofmarketing #digitalmarketing #smartbillboards #3dprinters #socialVR #autonomouscars #theyear2024
Take a seat as we guide you through the marketing landscape of tomorrow and help you find the clarity in chaos.
The future is unknown, chaotic, and brimming with possibilities. Join us over the next few weeks as we explore the opportunities and challenges of the near-future with #MajorTomorrow.       #marketingagency #digitalmarketing #future #futuretrends #futureofmarketing #smartbillboards #autonomouscara #socialVR #virtualreality #disruptivetechnology #change #changeisinevitable
What does the future of marketing look like?
Did you know that weve been named a 2019 Top Advertising and Marketing Agency by Clutch?   Clutch is a leading B2B ratings and reviews organization here to help businesses to chose the right agency to partner with.   Thanks Clutch!
Meet the little desk critters that keep Max, one of our Digital Marketing Coordinators, company during the work day.  Who keeps you company on your desk? 
Vickie, Chris and Sonia are at the @HubSpot #INBOUND19 Conference this week in Boston. Follow the Insta stories highlights to follow along. #ItsMajorTom
"Ill admit, I was never the type of person who had a clear trajectory of my career path. I just knew that whatever I ended up doing, it had to align with my personal values. I believe in a people-first approach with everything in life - and business should be no different. At Major Tom, I quickly realized it was an agency unlike any other. From large team building events to one-on-ones with your manager, Major Tom offers a place to have fun and grow your expertise. Ive had the chance to work with clients from all different verticals, each unique offering a different challenge and opportunity to grow. This is precisely why Major Tom has attracted some of the most brilliant, compassionate and well-rounded experts in the field.  I first joined Major Tom 1.5 years ago, and in the years prior to this, I was in the hospitality and real estate industry. Both experiences paved its way for me to better understand the needs of our clients in New York. In a fast-paced, quick and sometimes hectic city, its important to remain level-headed, take a step back and then go (after two shots of espresso). My peers-turned-friends and awesome clients make every day a little better. After all, we spend the majority of our time at work, it should never be anything less than enjoyable." - Kelly Chan, Account Manager, New York
